And I call them decorative elements because basically all they're meant to do is to enrich and color the page.
"So they don't really have much of a symbolic meaning other than maybe life is richer, life is beautiful, but they've become so beautifully stylized and so you find them in different illuminative being rendered in very different ways."
"Now this is very, this is actually an insert of a kind of an envelope for stationary, and this is a very Italian design."
"This is all the you know, take off on the idea of the acanthus leaf."
It's almost has a feathery like posture to it.
"And so, it's used in architecture as a decorative element in architecture on columns and so on, and it's also used a great deal in illumination."
"And so what's happened with the idea of acanthus leaf, is that it has is taken on all these different creative looks."
And it has been wildly colored so you can look at some an acanthus leaf and you can start with the idea of a black and white drawing.
"Here, actually, I have some samples of traced acanthus leaves from different illuminated manuscripts."
Hi.
My name is Dr. Art Bowler.
Are you always focused on the positive aspects of your physical self instead of the negative?
If so you have high self esteem.
Low self esteem tends to bring us down and there's a set of thoughts or cognitions that tend to go with low self esteem.
"Such as I am unlove, unlovable and no one will like me."
"By doing cognitive therapy and working on those thoughts, we can help our clients to feel better about themselves by gaining a more accurate appraisal of themselves, their situation and their environment."
It's really important to notice if you have low self esteem because then you can do something about it.
This is Dr. Art Bowler and this has been how to tell if you have low self esteem.
"And I'm a psychologist in Manhattan, New York City, where I have my own private practice."
In this clip I'm going to talk about how to tell if you have low self esteem.
Low self esteem or a low feeling about oneself is unfortunately very common.
But fortunately it's very fixable.
"When one has low self esteem, the way you can tell is look in the mirror."
How do you feel about yourself?
What do you see?
Do you see the positive parts of your personality or do you notice the negative?
"In the side position, we're going to be palming and thumbing the sen lines on the legs."
"Now make sure your client is comfortable in the side position, supporting your head, knee supported, arms are resting in front comfortably."
I lift it up enough to make sure that I'm comfortable.
Come back and forth.
Always make sure you get a little thumbing in there too.
So we're going to start again on this one.
"Place the thumb, place the thumb, just on the side of leg, and just kind of, you'll feel that you'll feel a little groove in there so you're not pressing up on any bones."
"And just thumb up and pressing in the thumb in the area where, my fingerprint would be not on the tips of that stabbing her with my fingernails."
Be very mindful of that.
"Coming in here and again, nice rocking back and forth, back and forth."
"Not applying too much thumb pressure, to not only save your own thumbs but to not kind of over press on your client."
Back and forth.
So starting with palming on sen lines with this leg.
Back and forth.
"Always giving a little bit of Meta, a little loving kindness as you finish."
On the front leg you're going to be doing the outside.
"And on the inside leg closest to you, you're going to be doing the inside."
So we're going to start with the inside leg first.
"Placing the palm, placing the palm and then start in a nice rocking fashion."
"Walking it up, rocking it down."
"And you can do this as long or as short as the massage requires, time wise or your client's needs."
"Coming to the other one, and again, just in a nice rocking position."
If you like to find more about my services you can visit my website canineheadstart.com.
So that is one option. Another option is if you know your dog has fleas there is something called cap star and this is a product that is oral product.
It works right away and it will actually kill all of the fleas that are on the dog for the next 24 hours and it start working in about 30 minutes.
So if you taken your dog to a place or a friends house or to a training school and you believe that there are fleas there and your dog may have gotten fleas this is a great product to use when you are about to leave before you bring your dog to your home.
Again this is a oral preventive and this is also a oral preventive.
We are going to be talking about external flea prevention in the next video.
So we are going to be talking about flea prevention in this short video clip.
There are a number of products out there that you can use on your dog obviously one way to prevent fleas is not have you dog go out side but that is not really realistic.
So we are going to be talking about products that you can use to prevent fleas.
In the last of couple of years there has been a increase of different types of options out there that you can use.
I'm just going to talk about three of the ones that are most commonly used and seems to be more effective.
So there is something called sentinel and this is a monthly tablet and sentinel actually prevents not only fleas but heart worm as well and the come individually wrap packages.
The dogs typically like to eat them they are flavored so they chew them right up and what this does is it prevents the production of cottin so if a flea jumps on your dog bites your dog and ingest the blood meal then the blood meal would have the chemical ingredients of the sentinel when they lay there eggs they would not be able to produce cottin.
cottion is the excess scalp of a flea so it doesn't kill the fleas but it prevents them from infesting or reproducing in your home.
"Some of the days that are the hardest are when, you know, I start out first thing in the morning and things just, like I woke up on the wrong side of the bed, or...or whatever, you know, type of phrase you want to use."
But things just don't go right from the very beginning.
"I have lots of clients that want cleaning done Thursdays and Fridays, because they want it done right before the weekend."
So Thursdays are really jam-packed.
"I've got three very big jobs, three very big houses that have, you know, three and four bathrooms, and, just large houses...so, that makes for a really long day."
"And, I had one of those days where I just woke up and things just didn't want to go my way."
"So I...I continued to fight through it, fight through it...didn't feel real great."
"So, got in the car, got to the first job, everything went, you know, okay....I was good, but I was still a little bit late."
"So, got to the next job, and, you know, moving right along, and I go out to get some cleaning supplies out of my car, and it's locked."
"And I go to get my keys out of my little supply box, and they weren't in there, so, I, you know, look around for my keys, and, sure enough, they are locked in my car and I have no extras."
"I have none at home, I have no extras, cause I have an extra key in my car, and I have my remote in my car."
"And, so, that was kind of tough."
"You get a late start, you, you know, get to the house and it's an extra big mess, and, you know, you just....one thing after the other just leads to a tough day of...of a long tough day working."
"So, I, you know, I had to just fight through the cleaning, and had to have a lock-smith come out and open my doors, and I had to go to another job."
"So, you know, sometimes when things just don't go your way...you know, you just have a rough day, and you go to bed that night and you hopefully wake up the next morning and.. and it's all better."
"Generally, I...I will schedule two to three houses a day, and if I get a late start then, you know, of course, that just delays the next job, and then the next job, and then it can be seven or eight at night when I get home."
"And one thing that I like...I try not to do is to interfere with my client's family time as well. So, when I get a late start, and maybe I have a horrendous house that I had to clean and...and wasn't planning on it, then my day gets later and I start to intrude into their family time."
"And...and that makes it tough for me, I don't...I don't like to do that at all. So that's probably the hardest part, is, if I don't start my day right."
"So, I kind of have to mentally prepare myself for my day, so, that's probably the hardest day for me, is not preparing myself."
One of my toughest days are Thursdays.
"Hello welcome my name is Julio Nutt and I am a master instructor of the Jim McLean Golf School in Miami, Florida."
In this clip I am going to talk about a great drill that is really going to help you to shift your weight forward.
In golf you have got to learn to shift your weight forward in order to hit the ball and transfer your weight into your left side.
"But many amateurs when hitting the ball they hang to the right side, they get their arms really close and tight to their bodies and they have a lot of difficulty transferring their weight into their left side."
"Just using a shaft would be a great drill to use because when we're throwing something forward we're throwing a Frisbee, if we're throwing a ball the natural motion is to throw the weight with it."
"So right now I'm not going to think about hitting the golf ball, I'm going to think about throwing the shaft."
So I'm going to get in my golf position and as I swing I am going to let the shot go as hard as I can and that is really going to help me develop the habit of throwing my weight.
That is a great tip that I give to a lot of my students.
When hitting the ball think about throwing the club and that is going to generate extension and weight transfer.
This is Julio Nutt at the Jim McLean Golf School.
Today I'm going to take you back into time and I'm going to show you one of my grandmother's favorite things to make the kids and that was sweet bruschetta.
"This recipe what my grandmother use to do this and I hope you enjoy it, I hope you make it, it's really fun and fast."
The kids will love you for it.
"I'll show you the ingredients, utensils it's literally 15 minutes and it's done."
I hope you make it.
Sweet bruschetta is just the mixing of different things chopped up and baked in the oven.
But today we're going to show you one for the kids and especially the big kids like me.
I mean this is nice.
You're going to use a whole bunch of things like bananas is the main thing.
"When you put in beneath that flame, it glazes and just comes out spectacular."
I'm going to show you all the ingredients of this recipe.
"This is at least 60, 70s years old I think."
DAVID CLEMEN: Hi.
"I'm left-handed but I played sports with right, so I do squeegee with the right hand."
"And so, that's squeegeeing the second color."
"Alright, now that I've plopped my white paint, I'm going to pick up my favorite tool again."
And I'm just going to come in here and just kinda fill it out.
"And now, when you mix the red and white in big areas, if it's too much red and you don't move it fast enough, you'll start to get pink so I want to try and keep the integrity of the white and I'm just going to move that fast, and see how--I don't know if you can see it, but since the paint has kind of dried quickly on this paint on the wood, it's already created a texture underneath of it."
"So, now, I'm getting this texture of the paint underneath of it."
"So, I'm just going to come in here and do these big squeegee marks and not going to go too crazy with it."
And I'm not trying to cover up all the red.
I'm just trying to get certain areas and show the white on the top of the red.
"And then, I can come in and I can actually just do almost like, I guess you would say it's like almost a karate chop or samurai swing to the right or left."
In this clip we're going to talk about how to buy a trophy. Most people will come into my show room and they'll ask me how much is a twenty inch trophy.
"So when it comes to buying a trophy, it's not how tall it is for the dollar."
"It's really, what you get for your dollar."
"And I say to them we don't sell trophies by the inch, and I give them this fine example here."
This is a forty-eight inch trophy.
If you go to any trophy store and they can offer you this forty-eight inch trophy for as little as $20.
"As you can see, if you were to buy a trophy by the inch, someone could sell you this and you wouldn't be very happy with it."
So my recommendation is not to try and buy a trophy based on how tall it is but take into consideration the materials that it's made of.
We use marble bases that are imported directly from Italy.
We also put little felt dots on the bottom of the trophies and that keeps them from scratching your furniture when you get home.
A lot of times people will try and save money in building a trophy by leaving out these little things.
Hello.
We're going to be speaking about cross stitch craft kits today.
My name is Daniel King.
Thank you.
"My name is Daniel King, and I'm an experienced pattern maker, designer and sewer."
Cross stitch craft kits are kits that you can order through many craft stores or art supply stores.
These kits allow you to do different designs.
"What the kit incorporates is a fabric background, usually the different colored threads, and a hoop for hooping and taut, to make the fabric taut."
"With these designs you can make, typically, any type of plaque, maybe stockings for Christmas, or even portraits."
It allows you to take these different threads and stitch one through the fabric and to follow along the design to create whatever design it is.
"These kits are available in most craft stores, and it gives you some flexibility as to what kind of designs you like."
"Again, we're talking about cross stitch....cross stitch craft kits."
"This is Robert Stewart, with Hill13.com."
"Now, we're going to talk about some advanced tactics, and the importance of employing all that you've learned in terms of individual drilling, and all of the basic tactical awarenesses and skills you need to have, to function as a highly effective player."
"When you get into advance tactics, you're talking about a lot of teamwork."
"You're talking about everyone on your team, having those individual skills down, and being able to use them in concert with one another, so we're going to be going over the taking of buildings, the defending of buildings, and the critical elements required tactically, to integrate a team together, and have them function as a single system, with a goal, where everyone on the team is working together."
"A lot of what's required, is stressing the importance of communication."
It's stressing the importance of maintaining your situational awareness.
"Knowing what's happening with your other team members at all times, and inside of the shifting dynamics, having the tactical skills necessary, to support, defend, and be aggressive, at the same time."
Hello!
We are Terry and Laura Neven.
"When you teach your children at home, it allows you a greater opportunity to have time as a family."
One important reason for the benefit of home schooling is academic success.
Researh says that the average home school child is 1 to 2 grades levels above their public or private school peers.
These are just some of the wonderful benefits why families home school.
I am the administrator of California educators and principal of Sunland Christian School.
This clip we will talk about the benefits to home schooling.
Many families begin to home school not because of concerns of academics or because of concerns of the local public or private school because they are concerned about things relative to the family.
Home schooling can provide a great opportunity for family unity.
"To do things together, to learn together and to grow together."
In specifically Southern California there is a lot of issues relative to a flexibility of schedule.
It is important to understand that home schooling allows for great flexibility.
"Moms are already running around like chickens with their heads cut off, taxing kids here and there."
"This is a great ""who dun it"" guessing game and you should use a minimum of 6-8 people."
When the murderer chooses they will choose a victim and kill them.
How they will do that is by shaking their hand and doing a little tickle inside.
So just scratching the inside of the hand but doing it very discreetly so that no one else sees when the victim has been killed.
"They have to shake three more hands just so that it's not obvious who killed them and then they get to choose a way they want to die nice, and big, and dramatic."
"So if I was to kill David ""hi, how are you"", he's going to shake three more hands and on the third hand die."
"""Aahh"", good, then we have our victim dead lying on the floor and the rest of us have to try to figure out who killed him."
"Now again only the person running the game and the person that's dead knows, but the person that's dead can't say anything."
"So you vote and the majority wins so whoever you want to, its kind of a witch hunt at this point, you just pick and choose who you think might look suspicious and if that person actually is indeed the murderer lets say you say ""ah"", everyone agrees it was Joe, the person running the game knows if its Joe or not if it was Joe they say ""yes, you guys have won"", if its not they just say ""nope, that is not the murderer"", and you just, Joe has to die though and then the games goes again and again until either the murderer is killed every body off without being killed themselves or until they've been found out by the crowd."
And that's how you play murderer.
The more the merrier.
"What you do one, is choose one person who is just going to run the game."
"They don't actually get to participate, so if you are playing this with kids maybe if you have an adult in the room they could choose to be the one running the game or just maybe an adult that doesn't feel like playing if its a group of adults they can run the game."
"Basically, they are going to have all the adults close their eyes or kids close or cover your eyes and the person running the game will choose one person to be the murderer."
They just choose them by tapping them gently on the head.
That person is the murderer only they know it and the person running the game knows it.
Everybody's eyes open and the game begins.
"You just start walking around the room shaking everybody's hands with a nice greeting ""hi, how are you"", ""hi, how are you""."
Today I'm going to teach you how to become a competitive baseball player.
In this segment we're going to demonstrate batting practice with live pitching.
"Now as oppose of the machine, the machine pitches automatic fastballs and an automatic curve balls going from one angle to one angle only."
Life pitching determines more of a simulated angle of the game as the pitchers as hitters are seeing pitchers from various arm angles to where they can adjust to improve there hitting.
This makes to be a more effective hitting practice regiment than the machine.
The machine is mainly for timing for fastballs.
"But as opposed to the live pitching you get various angles, live angles from an actual pitcher when hitting the ball."
"Normally for a lefty, you would set this type of a L cage at this and have balls being thrown by a left handed pitcher on this end."
You can flip the machine over (flip the cage over) in order to throw the ball right handed.
Hi.
My name is Daniel Baldwin.
"We also tow them, so if it's very inoperable and, or you just don't want to drive it in, you can have us come in and we'll tow the vehicle, then you can bring later in that title and we pay at that time."
"I'm the general manager from Kurt's Auto Wrecking in American Fork, Utah."
And today we're giving you information on selling your junk car in Tampa.
Now the best thing you can do first of all is to clear your car out with all the stuff that you would like and take your license plates off.
"Now next, there's many companies that you can sell your vehicle to."
"In order to find those type of companies, you can get in the phone book and search, look under recycling centers or scrap yards or salvage yards."
"Or, you can also go onto a web search like Google and type in any of those keywords again, and they will be able, and you'll pull up a bunch of scrap metal companies or recyclers, and they will be able to help you to find somewhere to sell those vehicles that are no longer operable or you just don't want anymore, and they're not worth a bunch of money."
"Now, the best thing to do, again, is to have your title with you, and do not fill it out until you become on site so that we don't have any paperwork issues, and they're not any signatures in the wrong lines."
And you come in and we pay you cash at the time you drop it off.
"All right, the drink we're about to make is called San Juan Cooler."
Let's go ahead and put some ice in a glass.
And measure out two ounces of rum.
And follow that up with three fourths of an ounce of dry vermouth.
And we'll just fill it up with pineapple juice.
"And let's get our spoon, so if you find yourself in San Juan and the temperature is really getting to you, just really need something that's going to quench your thirst and cool you down, and at the same time maybe loosen you up a little bit, you can order the San Juan Cooler, or if you're just in a bar in Northern Idaho and decide you'd like a nice cocktail, you can order a San Juan Cooler there as well."
"Let's go ahead and garnish that with an orange and a cherry and that's it, bottoms up."
Today we're going to be talking about buying a new car.
"So just because a brand new car has never been titled, doesn't necessarily mean that you can't end up with a brand new car that has been titled and save yourself a bunch of money."
So find out whether you are really a new car buyer or maybe you're a used car buyer with the same model year with a few miles on it so that you can save yourself some money.
You can save upwards of 5 to 10 and even sometimes 20 thousand dollars on buying a new used car versus buying a brand new car without an MOS.
So find out whether or not you're really a new car buyer.
"When it comes to buying a new car, remember, its ok to say no."
"Just 'cause they ask you to pay a certain amount of money for a car, doesn't mean that you have to."
Sometimes the best tactic to buying a new car is getting up and leaving.
"If they say they can't sell you the car and they really can't, then they won't, but there's no reason why you can't come back tomorrow and try again, but if they come chasing you out the door and they say ok ok we want to sell you the car, then you can feel like you got a good deal."
"When buying a new car, don't be afraid to ask your dealership to allow them to allow you to look at the invoice."
"That's what they paid for the car and nine times out of ten, the dealership will be willing to share that information with you in order for you to make an educated decision."
In this segment we're talk about negotiating on a new car.
"If you know how much they paid for a car, then you're willing to offer them a little bit more than what they paid for the car, usually they'll be willing to sell it to."
"Also remember that when buying a new car, depending on how many days its been in their inventory, they may be motivated to sell that particular car than not."
So don't be afraid to ask if you can purchase the car that is many days in stock so that they'll be willing to give you a better car deal.
"Remember, just because buying a car at invoice is what the dealership does, doesn't mean you have to."
"You can always buy the car for below invoice, especially if that dealership's had that car in stock for more than 300 days."
"Remember, don't be afraid to ask."
Negotiating is why you're there.
"Its easy to buy a new car, 'cause they'll either tell you yes you can buy it for that, or no you can't."
The manufacturers is the one that determines what the car costs.
The dealership buys the car from the manufacturer and there are many websites out there that tell you what the actual cost of the car is.
"Once you determine how much that car costs, its up to the dealership whether to sell you the car for that, for less than that, or for more than that."
"Depending on the desirability of that new car, which means how hot it is in the market, that's exactly what's going to determine whether you get a great deal on your new car purchase or not necessarily a great deal."
"Always remember that the difference between a new car and a used car is that a new car has an MSO, which is the Manufacture Certificate of Origin."
"The minute that you purchase that new car though, it becomes titled and then it becomes a used car."
"I'm Cooie Grey-Lavin and in this clip, I'll show you how to use unique headstones to customize your yard."
"Another way to add interest to your yard, in our family we make little headstones for all our dogs that have died."
This particular one is our Golden Retriever.
"Scooter, so that's his name in old typeset."
These are the colors that were in his collar.
"He was a Golden Retriever, so we have that and he also loved to chase raccoons and he had chased one a short time before he died, so we put a raccoon in it."
"That you can place around the yard, it's a simple mosaic stepping stone technique but we just added some different pieces to make it more interesting."
"You can add memorial plaques or plaques for members of your family that are, don't live there and you miss them to sort of remembrances."
They add a nice personal touch to your yard.
Adding a mosaic headstone to your yard can make more personal and unique.
"Okay, another thing that for me is important."
It may not be for you.
Feel free to get the.
"You have little masks, they're just paper masks."
You can get them at Home Depot or Lowes.
And they're actually called painters masks.
Some of them are just made of paper.
But they're very affordable.
"You can get a pack of, you know, several for just a couple of dollars."
So make sure you.
"If you have those, keep them in here on hand."
"You know, it protects your health when you're cleaning."
But for me I use very strong chemicals.
You don't have to worry about any hazardous chemical getting into your system.
And it just makes the whole process a lot safer for you.
And for your children if you have children that help out cleaning around the house.
So I would recommend having a mask on hand.
Some people may prefer to use products that don't have chemicals.
"But because I do, I enjoy having the disinfectants."
I like to wear a mask while I'm cleaning.
Because you don't need to be breathing those chemicals in.
"Especially you know when, I'm pregnant."
"A lot of women, a lot of you out there."
And men too that clean bathrooms.
"And with that, we have our completed awards show menu, and just in time, because it looks like the pre-show is just ending."
"So, let's go over what we've got here."
"If it is in place of a meal, however, you want to have--bank on five to seven different appetizers, and again, two to three per person."
"We started with our phyllo tartlets with the ricotta, and sundried tomato, and feta, and goat cheese inside--really, really delicious."
"Then, we did our puff pastry cheese straws, which you see how it sort of draws your eye up."
"You've got very short, small bites of the little smoked salmon canapes, which is a nice contrast in height to the puff pastry cheese straws arranged in this vase, just with some decorative rocks in the bottom."
"And then of course we go to the smoked salmon canape, with some creme fraiche which is very creamy, and then the saltiness of the fish, and the nice nutty flavor and texture of the--this so-called ""European bread""--which you can then take a little lemon juice to."
"And then we finish with our fricos, our parmesan crackers with mache, that baby lettuce, and served in an alternate way in the martini glass with just the same parmesan crisp, but not in the arced format."
So just another guideline to keep in mind: how do you know how many appetizers to make for your party?
"If it's not during a mealtime, you want to have at least two to three kinds of appetizers, so in this case, we've got the four."
"But at least two to three kinds, and bank on two minimum per person for your party."
"LAURA BANFORD: Now, I'm going to talk about knife sharpening."
An interesting part about a sharp knife or a knife that's not so sharp is it is much easier to cut yourself with a dull knife than it is with a sharp knife.
"I happen to have this sharpening stone little system here that has three, three stones on it."
This is a coarse stone for major sharpening tasks.
This is a medium stone which will give you a more refined sharpening task.
And this is a fine sharpening stone just to touch up your blade a little bit.
I sharpen my knives just about every day.
"And I sharpen knives when I'm at work, I sharpen my knives before every task, so I don't have to stop in the middle and go back and sharpen it."
"This is a sharpening steel. This does not sharpen your knife. This will refine your blade, but it won't sharpen your knife."
"After you sharpen your knife, you use this. And I'll show you that at the end. Okay. What I want to do here is to get, to get a nice edge on my knife."
"Now, if you're working with a dull knife, it's not cutting, it's not cutting, you're going to use a lot more pressure, a lot more force, and not use--and get away from the actual technique that you should be using for whatever task you're doing, and that's when you end up cutting yourself."
"You want to hit, take your knife and hit the sharpening stone at a 45 degree angle. That is about like this."
"And you have to, you'll have to try it to get it right, but you have to perfect your technique 'cause you want to go from the base of the knife near the guard all the way to the tip."
"Like that. Whatever you do one way, you have to do the other way because you're making an edge. And try to make sure you have the 45 degree angle."
You would do that for a little while.
That's when accidents happen.
"You might, you might go from coarse to fine just to refine your edge."
"And after that, you want to use your sharpening steel, which is really just refining the edge."
You see chefs do this.
That's just refining the edge.
"The same as with the sharpening stone, whatever you do to one side, you have to do to the other side, that's why you go like this."
"And as in anything, practice makes perfect."
"When we come back, we're going to use some of our knives."
See you then.
"If you're pushing and using more force and straying away from the actual perfect technique, you're going to cut yourself, and I've done that."
I don't want to tell you about the frozen turkey Thanksgiving morning.
"That's an old--that was a long time ago, and I still remember it."
Believe me.
The way to sharpen a knife is to use a sharpening stone.
A lot of chefs would buy a couple of sharpening stones in various degrees of coarseness.
We're doing the scissoring now.
There are two types of scissors that I like to use.
The straight pair of scissors that are straight and long and then curved pair of scissors that help with around the feet and areas like that.
"First I'm going to straighten up her leg, to where I position the leg where I want it and then I'm going to go down the backside of the leg."
"And if your dog tends to move, you might want to hold your dog this way and just and you go around the leg and take off the little pieces that are sticking out everywhere."
It makes for a nice little leg here.
And then we're going to go around to the front area of the leg and I'm going to go take the round scissors and round off the bottom and clean it up nice.
Remove the hair and pull her leg up and keep finishing with the little pieces of hair that are sticking out here and there.
It makes for a nice scissor leg.
Off-season training for football.
Isolated plank dog pointers.
"So we are going to work one side of the body, and then we will work the other side of your body, and we want to follow a rep scheme of anywhere from ten reps to fifteen reps per side."
Again that is ten reps to fifteen reps per side.
"For the bigger guys it is going to be a bit harder I know, but still try to stay with it."
It is really going to help with your stability and coordination and balance on the field.
"And then after we finish with this exercise, when we come back and start the workouts all over again with workout one, you are going to have a lot more stability and balance to help develop more power."
"So thanks a lot for joining us here, I appreciate it."
I am mike Rosengart and this is my workout partner Jonsey.
Check us out again online and have a good workout.
Okay?
"So this is the last exercise in our isolated series, working from the dumbbell rows to the hops to the lateral hops, forward hops, and now we are going to do plank position, and we are going to do dog pointers, which is the same exercise that we did in our previous workout, but this time we are going to do it isolated."
"We are going to stick with one side, we are going to add another variability into it."
"So Jonsey go ahead, pop up into your plank position."
"We are going to get the elbow and the knee to touch underneath your body each time, and then get the full extension out."
So touch and full extension out.
Alright?
"This is really going to put focus on shoulder stability of the off shoulder and off hip, at the same time working for balance and coordination and mobility through your torso as you are working."
"You know, a medical emergency in an infant, can be a pretty scary and traumatic process, for a parent or a rescuer."
"Hi, I'm Captain Joe Bruni, and what I'm going to talk about, is how to stop choking in the infant victim."
"The infant victim must first be placed in the rescuer's arm, supporting the head, and chest area on the forearm."
"Find a place where you can sit with the victim, placing them head down, and supporting the head."
"You will then deliver a series of five back blows, and five chest thrusts, in succession, so it would be one, two, three, four, five."
"Roll the victim over, supporting the head and body, on the other forearm, and deliver five chest thrusts, in succession, until the object has been dislodged."
"After a series of five back blows, and chest thrusts, if it has not been dislodged, then repeat the process, of back blows and chest thrusts, until the item is dislodged from the infant."
I'm Captain Joe Bruni.
"Stay safe, and we'll see you next time."
"All right, we're ready to start our fire."
"What I always like to have nearby is my blower, just in case it needs a little extra air and oxygen to get moving."
"But you see you can insert these a lot further, rather than having a hand held lighter and trying to get your hand in there."
Or even using matches and throwing those.
And these tend to work better.
We'll go ahead and see if its not too windy.
We've got a flame in there.
It looks like its catching.
"Can definitely see smoke, and where there is smoke there is fire."
"Hopefully you can see the smoke on there, and it looks like it is catching real well ."
"And make sure that you stand outside of the line of the smoke, you wouldn't want to be breathing in the smoke."
So here we've got the startings of our bon fire.
I don't think its going to be an issue today since we've got a nice little bit of wind coming at us.
And that speaks to the next point of wich area should you light first.
"Well, you should light all around the fire, two, three, four spots if you can."
"But what we want to do is we want to light where the wind is coming from because that's going to give us a better chance of getting it catching fire, catching all of it on fire."
Maybe we won't have to light it in different spots around.
You'll actually be able to tell once you actually get it in there and get it lit.
"So I'm going to go ahead and dip down here, and hopefully you can see this."
"And I'm just going to light it, and it might take a couple of times to get the lighter going."
"I like to put the glue bottle down sideways like this because it?s a little bit quicker, you don't have to let the glue run all the way down like when you put it upright."
"Take a brush, little glue brush just like this, and spread this glue out very very thoroughly."
Make sure you get all the way to the end.
Cover everything.
And you don't want a whole lot of sloppy glue running everywhere but you do want to have enough to completely coat all the parts.
And then we'll brush it out a little bit.
That looks pretty good.
Set that down and we're going to do the same thing to this side.
"O.k., perfect we're going to get started in a second."
"I know a lot of ladies out there are wondering, ""How do I get my skin clean?"
"We don't want to sleep all night with makeup on our skin, because this can cause breakouts and acne on the skin."
So make sure to use a good cleansing product when removing makeup.
Makeup is something that all women love to use but we also need to remember to remove it properly.
Simply apply the cleanser or cream to your hands and apply it to the face and begin rubbing.
"Now remember, getting rid of that makeup you might have to cleanse twice."
So don't be afraid to go back over your face again a second time.
"Remember, cleansing your skin is very easy and you can do it yourself at home."
My name is Sylvia Russell and this is how you can clean your skin and get rid of makeup.
"How do I get rid of this makeup?"""
"Well, today I'm going to show you how."
My name is Sylvia Russell and today we're going to show you how to clean your face and get rid of makeup.
"Now make sure that you have the proper products; cleansing gel, cleansing wash, whatever you like on your skin, make sure you have it handy."
Make sure you have water and you have a towel or some paper towels and cotton to help you clean up.
So what you're going to do is go ahead and begin to wash your face.
"Now remember, cleansing the skin is something that can be very easily done at home, and it's something that you want to do on a regular basis."
Removing makeup is vital.
"Hi, I'm Stan DeFreitas, Mr. Green Thumb for On Gardening."
Now this is a petunia variety called Wave.
And you can see the reason it's called Wave because it tends to just lap over every area.
"Now there's a bunch of different kinds of petunias, which we've talked about in the past in different things, but the Wave Petunia is one that you'll find great for a hanging basket, or as a bedding plant where you want it to spill over into another area."
"The Wave Petunias will flower just about every day, and they'll give you a bunch of flowers from early Spring through Fall, depending on where you're at."
"Now petunias are fairly heavy feeders, so I'd make sure that you give it about every week or two about half strength with a good water soluble plant food."
"You might also when you plant them, make sure it's got good peat and pearl like combination."
Many of the good mixes that are professional mixes will be good for this particular plant.
"Remember in baskets, they tend to dry out a little bit quicker, so if you've got a hanging basket like this one is, you're going to have to make sure that you water it on almost a daily basis."
"For On Gardening, I'm Stan DeFreitas, Mr. Green Thumb."
Running tumbling is going to be a great way for the whole entire squad to show off their tumbling skills.
We're going to have a second group of tumblers facing diagonal on the right hand side.
Then you're going to designate which side is going to go first.
"They're going to do their running, their round-off back handspring, all the way till you land."
And then you need to continue stepping off your floor.
Now it's really important for these to go really fast for them to be effective.
"So as soon as you see the person cross in front of you, you want to start with your run."
And it's going to be really great because we're going to have a lot of building momentum.
"We're going to have someone go with the handspring, someone go with the handspring tuck, someone go with the handspring full, someone go with the double layout full."
"Now granted, every squad is going to have tumblers of different levels."
A lot of squads are going to have people who can just do the round-off back handspring; all the way up to people who can master double fulls.
"Now when you're doing your running tumbling, usually you want to make sure you can get as much distance as you can, as much run, and it's all going to start off with the round-off back handspring."
That's where we're going to get all of our momentum from.
"Now if the round-off back handspring is the highest skill you've mastered, that's wonderful, and you're going to go ahead and be the first person to go on your squad."
Usually what we try to do is build the tumbling from the lowest level all the way up to the highest level.
Now the most common tumbling pattern that we're going to use on cheerleading squads is what we like to call the X.
"We're going to have a group of tumblers in line, facing diagonal on the left hand side."
"Alright, we've taken a look at what it is that you're good at."
"What skills you have and your educational background, so it's time to take a look at your work experience."
What did you get out of that?
"What did you learn from that job or from that work experience that will help you with you new employer, will help you get a job."
That's how you have to think about in terms of past work experience.
What kind of jobs have you had before?
Maybe you've just had college type jobs that maybe weren't necessarily career jobs.
"Or maybe you have had some, feel like of a better word, ""real jobs""."
What you want to do is take a look at that work experience.
What did you gain from it?
"Did you, you know, gain problem solving skills?"
Did you gain customer service skills?
"Don't just think in terms of ""well I worked here""."
"So that's how I'm going to be packing my books, and my CD's, since I have them in these containers here, I'm probably going to keep them in these containers so that I don't have to use up another box, and because they are pretty heavy just as they are right now, in these things."
"And I'm going to just put a piece of tape, or a rubber band, around it, around this case vertically to keep my CD's from coming out of the box."
And so those are some ideas on how to pack your books and your CD's.
YOLANDA VANVEEN: Hi.
There's not a lot that originate from the East Coast.
"There are some but we have a lot of Mountain Lilies and Brodiaea, which is also called Triteleia, the Camassia, we have Bear Grass, we have all types of plants that you can find all around the world now."
"Next stop, South America."
"Ismene or Peruvian Daffodil is a plant we sell in the summertime that's from Peru where the Incas developed it, so I like to think here we are 10,000 years later or 20,000 years later still enjoying a plant that their civilization created for us."
"They're beautiful, beautiful plants."
"My favorite location for where plants grow, especially bulbs is South Africa."
There's a small area on the cape that produces 20% of all the bulbs that ever grown in the whole world.
"We enjoy Freesia, Gladiolus, Calla Lilies, Watsonias, everything, Eucomis from South Africa, and we don't even realize an area the size of the Portland metropolitan area produced all those plants."
"Next, watch the second part on our discussion of the native areas for flower bulbs."
I wanted to talk about where in the world do flower bulbs come from.
I'm always fascinated that there's really only a few regions in the world that all of the flower bulbs that you see in your garden actually originated from.
We're in North America right here and the bulbs that I sell were on the Pacific West Coast.
"I'm in Kalama, Washington, just north of Portland, Oregon, and I sell a few native bulbs that are from our area like the Triteleias which are little purple blue flowers and Camassia, also called Camas root."
"Camas, Washington was named after that plant, and the natives used to eat the little corms just like you eat hazelnuts or beer nuts."
"There are lots of other plants that come from America too, Liatris or Gay-feather is from the Midwest, and then we go down to Mexico and I have Canna Lilies, Tigridias, Mexican Feather Grass, pretty much any plant."
Most bulbs are from mountainous regions.
"So, everywhere all the way from the Cascades down through Mexico, you'll find most bulbs."
"Now, we're going to trim the edge of the opening of the ballet slipper with some little pearls."
"And, we're going to pipe the pearls with a number four tip."
"So, you want to put pressure."
Release pressure and pull up.
"Squeeze, release and pull up."
Practice this on a piece of paper or a paper plate until you have a nice uniform pearl trim.
"And, then we'll move onto the cake."
"So, we're going to trim the edge where the white and the pink meet with this pearl border."
"And, you're going to place them right on that border and go all the way around the cake."
"Remember, you're just holding the tip just slightly above the cake so that the frosting will come out and spread a little into a little circle."
Releasing pressure before you pull up.
This makes a nice delicate trim for the edge of the slipper.
It's just a regular writing tip.
"When you finish the beading around the around the shoe, you want to make a little bow here."
Just make a loop and another loop and two little strings coming down.
"And, then just a little dot there for the tie."
"And, how you make pearls is you want to twist your bag."
Make it nice and tight.
"And, you'll make little dots."
"So, you just hold the tip over the paper or the cake about an eighth of an inch and you squeeze out until you get a little pearl."
"And, as soon as it gets about this big then you pull it up."
"Now, you don't want to squeeze squeeze squeeze and pull up and squeeze."
"Because, you'll end up with something that looks like that."
So we've completed our little pin cushion doll and I think she's so cute she's just a personal little hand made that would make a fun gift for any seamstress that you know.
This would also be a great little project for a beginning sewer.
It's very easy just stitching all the way around it and the pattern is very easy and stuffing in.
This would be a good project maybe to work with like a child you can even use instead of stuffing you can use rice or even a bean bag.
"Or as I mentioned before this would also make a great little dog toy and with doll toys, you just always want to keep in mind that you don't want to use anything that can be pulled off or get stuck in your throat or anything."
The same principle applies to children.
If you are going to be making this doll for a baby then I would just stick with a felt and the embroidery because there is not really any little parts that can be pulled out or anything.
But I think she's so fantastic and she's going to look so great as my pin cushion.
She's going to look fantastic on my desk so I hope you had as much fun making her as I did.
"Now the first rule, the first thing you want to make sure you don't do when giving criticism is don't act in haste."
And what I mean by that is think about what you say before you say it.
"There's an old saying that I think is real important to remember when we're talking about criticism, whether it?s written or whether it?s spoken."
"""You can never take it back."""
So once the words are out there they are out there.
So think about what you're going to say before you say it.
"If someone is attacking you or something is coming at you, it?s harder to not jump on that and act very quickly and tell somebody how terrible they are or what a jerk they are or whatever it is."
"But try to stop, think about it so that the words that you say are not hurtful and more critical and negative and don't exacerbate the whole situation."
Hi this is Nigel with Blue Griffin Handyman and today we are going to talk about how to get rid of the paint smell in your house.
"The first thing to do, the best thing to do is to avoid the fumes altogether."
Many paints these days come with a low VOC or a no VOC mixture and it will tell you on the back of the can like this one here says VOC at 132 grams per liter.
"Now VOC stands for volatile organic compounds and that is what is causing the fumes in your house so what you want to do if you have to use some of these paints with VOC in them the best thing to do is to open the windows, all the windows in the house and put a fan on one end of the house so you can draw all the fumes out of the house and try to go to the park for the day or something and get out of the house so you don't have the smell those nasty vapors."
When you are using those type of paints with VOC in them definitely use some kind of breathing protection that will filter out those kinds of fumes.
They are not good for you.
So that is how to get the paint smell out of your house.
"Hi, I'm James from Reptile Rescue Service in Salt Lake City, Utah."
"If your turtle won't eat, that's the topic of this one, this discussion here."
"So if you have one that has this disease, you need to keep 'em separate."
"This will affect 'em on eating, and also they will be lazy and want to sleep a lot."
There could be a couple of variances of this one.
"Could be, if it's a wild caught turtle, land turtle or tortoise, a lot of time they sense in they sense in the wintertime, it's time to hibernate."
"At this time they'll quit eating, because if they have food in their belly when they go into hibernation, it can be fatal."
"It'll actually ferment or rot, and can cause fatality to the turtle or tortoise."
"Another sign of this could be if they have an upper respiratory infection, which is like a form of pneumonia to us humans."
It makes them weak and sick.
"If it's a Russian tortoise, a lot of these carry herpes disease."
"This is not contagious to humans, but it is to other tortoises."
"The kids can add glitter to it, stickers, it's really easy to do and it's great if they are having a tea party with their friends."
You can get rid of all of that old wrapping paper.
"And again, it's a great recyclable craft if you have birthday party paper from a child's birthday."
"Pool it all together, make a bunch of hats and let the kids run around and really have a good time with them."
And I will go ahead and just place my hat on and say thank you.
Hi.
In this segment we're going to talk about consecutive rolls.
"And what that means is doing a roll, and a roll, and a roll, and a roll, without stopping, without breaking any of the, any of the motion."
"And the trick of that is, is right when the Frisbee comes to your second hand, is to push it up, right in the right angle, so it comes back to your other hand."
"And it's again, it's the using your legs and using your arms."
"But the last part is the critical part, to have it come here, so it sets up for your next roll."
"An example of consecutive rolls: here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here."
"Now if you noticed, every time that it came around to this arm, I was pushing it up, so it was almost right in the right spot for my next roll."
I didn't have to run around.
"So the whole key is, is that right at the end and that push to make sure that it's set for the next roll."
"Now, chameleons--one of the characteristics of chameleons is their amazing ability to change color."
"So, as far as color changing goes, she also--many chameleons go through a breeding stage."
"In the Veiled Chameleons, in males, it's called the sunburst phase."
"They turn to bright colors, multi-colors, usually very bright, very eye-catching."
The females turn a--sometimes an orangish or brownish color during breeding season but many females will not display a very obvious change of color during breeding at all.
A hungry chameleon will often have--will often be trying to blend in with its environment.
This is when they tend to do that not only for hiding but for making sure that their prey doesn't see him.
"Now, it's not just for hiding from enemies, they want to make sure that their prey is not aware of their presence either."
"Now, an angry chameleon such as her--she's displaying right now."
What she's displaying is the angry colors.
She's trying to make sure that I know that I'm not welcome in her cage.
It's often thought that chameleons blend in with their environment but this is not the only reason they change color.
"They do change colors with their environment to blend in such as browns for climbing on the trees, the greens for matching the leaves and they also turn colors when--according to their mood."
"When they're angry, they tend to get--the Veiled Chameleons tend to get the black stripes with the white spots and the green in between."
And the sleeping chameleon will turn a bright lime green color with no spots.
"Now, if she's cold, she's gonna--her whole body is going to turn more of a black color."
"This is--because the dark colors absorb more heat and if she's cool, she's going to go sit under her basking light, turn a darker color and absorb as much heat as she can."
"Now, when she is warm, when she's too warm, she's going to turn a lighter green color, sometimes a white color because this is when she wants to expel as much heat as she can."
"This doesn't happen very often because of the fact that she likes the higher temperatures and where we live, we don't get too many high temperatures indoors."
DR. CHRIS MANGO: Hi.
"This is Dr. Chris Mango, here in New York City."
The next muscle we're going to be taking a look at is the latissimus dorsi.
"This is another common muscle that you might not know the name for, but everybody knows that they work under lats when they go to the gym."
"Now, this can also cause a lot of pain in the side here, but it can also go into the arm a little bit."
Let's take a look.
"Okay, so the latissimus dorsi connects along the iliac crest, up along the thoracic spine here, and then up into the shoulder and down."
"Now, the muscles through this area, you can find trigger points through here and here, and that can cause pain that can come all in the side of the spine and down into the arm."
"And you may not realize it, it may look okay, but there'll be something that's just off."
"When you master getting the exact curves right, which is pretty easy, above the waist curve it down, below the waist, curve it up."
Everything falls into place after that.
"But, same thing with hems and everything, your outfit will be completely wrong if you have the curve going the wrong way."
"Right now I'm going to show you that, colors, I want to say cripple some people."
They get a mind set that they have to use the same colors over and over and over and over again.
Okay.
What colors do you think going to look good with it?
"I don't know, let's try some yellow."
Just butt it up right next to it.
Yeah sure they look good together.
You know brown and green and blue are going to look good together because they're earth tones.
What about pink?
Does pink look good with brown?
Yes it does.
It looks very good with brown.
"What you should do is when you're practicing, if you've got multiple colors like I do here, I have a tee shirt rack that's got 28, 29 colors on it."
"You just got to remember that, don't be afraid to put colors together."
"One thing my father taught me was, if you've got colors that are opposite of the color wheel, and that means if it's a cold color or a hot color meaning red or blue."
If you put them together they're going to vibrate against each other and they're going to get your attention and that's the whole point of putting them together is to get your attention.
So don't be afraid to put colors together.
"Pink and brown, do something cool with the brown letters with a pink background and it'll look nice."
Thank you.
And you'll see that I have multiple air brushes.
At one time I had an air brush on every color.
And it just increases speed and efficiency whenever you're painting something.
"Just take a color, say I've got brown."
Just find out what colors look good together with it.
I just draw a line of it.
Right in the middle.
Hi!
"I recommend strongly that original core that we talked about a long time ago have one person who is going to be the coordinator for vending, ideally you will have a vendor coordinator and someone also to handle food who may be with food booth or may understand industry."
It is a very specialized area and you can get yourself into all certain types of hassles if you don't do it right.
I suggest you getting a vending coordinator.
One for food and one for non-food vending and work with the vendors the best that they can.
In the next segment we are going to talk about another money issue which is sponsorship.
Stay with me.
"In this segment, I am going to touch on vending."
How to work with vendors and what they are all about.
"When you go to a festival, you will also often see vendors."
"You will see food vendors, non-food vendors, craft and arts and so on."
"As a producer of the event, you need to look at it also as one of your income producers."
"If you realize that each of those vendors might be paying say a $100 and if you have ten of those vendors that is a $1,000 that your festival has already to work with."
How many you have will also depend upon your budget and your site and what you can fit in but you need to think in terms of food and non-food vendors being an intricate part of your event.
"Food vendors are a whole scene onto themselves because of the complications, health requirements, heating requirements and cooling requirements and the need for power that they bring into your festival."
"Admittedly, my kicks aren't the most fancy or flashy in the world."
I don't kick people in the head standing up.
"(demo) I could have an attacker dealing with me over on this side, and I may have to kick him to stop him from grabbing while I deal with this other attacker."
"What I might want to do, instead of kicking the body like I said, here, (demo) is come in and kick the leg out."
You can have a lot of good effects kicking someone's knee out just like this.
"(demo) If you're to the side of the person, (demo) kick out the inside of the leg."
"Or, you can kick out the outside of the leg (demo) just like this."
"Now, I'm doing that really easy because you can damage the person's knee."
"But you'll see the way the leg folds (demo) just by kicking on the outside. Switch your feet. Or, the inside (demo) just like that."
"Again, be very careful of practicing these kicks because you can roll the knee out and twist the ankle and the knee at the same time."
"If I'm going to kick him in the head, I'm going to knock him down to the ground first, and then I'll kick him in the head where I don't have to stretch that far."
"But, I think it's a great way to kick, bring it up, out, (demo) just like this."
A side kick is a good technique.
"A side kick, basically the way I do it, is I stand sideways to my partner, I'm going to take a step in, cross, kick up and out."
"When I kick, I'm kicking with the outside edge of my foot, here, (demo) and then back."
"One, two."
"(demo) One, two, three, four."
"(demo) My target, of course, will be anywhere on the body."
"I prefer to kick in the legs, but for this example, I'm going to kick in the body (demo) just like this."
I'm using a heavy duty stapler and you want to make sure you test out your stapler on a scrap piece of wood to make sure that you know where the placement of the stapler is going to be because we're on a very narrow strip here and we don't want to miss our mark when we put our stapler in.
"Now with these heavy duty staplers, you want to place it and put your hand right here to give downward pressure right here because if you don't the stapler tends to want to jump up and the staple won't go in properly."
"Just color up those staples, it makes a big difference."
You don't notice them as much.
"So, some of them have a little spot on top and they call it a power button and that's what they want you to do is push down and staple."
And then you have got a good staple right there nice and secure.
We're going to staple all the way down the edge and put those staples fairly close.
"Now, when you're going over the whole section, you're going to need something to rest the stapler on."
"Here i have just put a roll of tape, something that I can lean on."
"If you don't use that, your stapler is going to go into the hole and it will shoot in the wrong direction."
"So, you want to have something to prop up that stapler and we'll go about every half inch all the way down the side trying to keep those staples in a nice even row."
"As a finishing touch, you might want to take a permanent marker and color over the staples so they don't stand out as much or you can touch it up with a little paint also."
"And most of those dealers are setup with secondary finance companies that deal strictly with people that have bad credit or non-existent credit as opposed to the bigger dealerships, the big chains, the big Ford dealerships or the big Chevrolet dealerships."
"Go to a smaller, buy here, pay here and most of those will have secondary financing."
That's exactly how you get a car loan with bad credit or non-existing credit.
"Again, my name is Adriel Torres and I'm the owner of ultimatecredittoday.com."
Thank you very much.
"Okay, the eyes are basically done."
This is our perfect eye look for Goth.
"We don't want the eye brows to look too over done or too powdered, so I'm just going to fill in a little bit just to get a nice natural arch."
"The eyebrows really shape the face, especially when you have such a dramatic eye shadow look."
You really want to make sure that you don't forget your eyebrows.
"Because her eyebrows are a little short, I'm going to draw just a tiny bit onto the ends just to extend them a little bit."
Add a little more if you want to.
It's all personal preference.
"Again, how dark you want your brows to be."
Try to use a color that most closely matches your natural hair color.
"Once you get your desired shape, take a little brow comb or brow brush and brush through the brows."
Even everything out.
We're going to do a little bit in the brows.
Blend everything.
"What this does is it takes away the excess powder, blends everything in, and also you shape your brow at that point to your desired shape."
Look how perfect that brow looks.
Her brows are pretty light.
"They're nicely shaped, but they're pretty light."
We want them to match more of her dark chestnut hair color.
I'm using a powder and a brush.
You can use a pencil.
It's all personal preference.
I'm just going to fill in her natural brow line.
"Hi, this is Sean Hobson and what we're talking about right now is using the proper mechanics to become not only a good shooter, but a good shooter from the free throw line."
So the last step that we have is to finish out your free throw.
"What we see a lot of players do is they'll follow through, but then they'll pull their hand back and again, that's going to pull that basketball back a little bit and not let it go ahead and follow through the proper way."
The last thing is we don't want to fall take our shot and fall back off the free throw line.
"If you shoot and you take a step back, it?s called negative energy."
You're taking energy away from that basketball and not allowing it to go on down.
"So, remember when making a good free throw shot, its not just the shot, its also how you finish after the free throw that's going to make you a good free throw shooter."
If Kyle steps up to the line right here and gets himself ready.
"What we're going to talk about is you have a good base, you have a good foundation."
You're going to make the shot; you're going to follow through at the end of the shot.
That's the first thing in finishing.
"But the most important thing is by using your legs, a lot of time you see players come up and shoot their free throw and they stay flat footed and then end up hitting the ball on the front of the rim."
"What we always want to do is you always want to finish your free throw up on your toes because what that does is when you get up on your toes, that's using the bottom of your leg muscles and its giving you just that extra edge to get that ball up and over the rim."
The other thing you want to make sure and do is always follow through and end up out in front of you.
You never want to end up with the ball up here.
ALLEN DIWAN: Hi.
My name is Allen Diwan.
"And it's also, cooking the food is also about seeing the color of the food in the dish."
You'll see the different flavors.
"You'll see the different ingredients that we are going to put in this dish that you see the unique--the ingre--the colors of each and every ingredient, and this is part of the appeal."
"I might add one more tomato of this dish, that you can see it's very rustic and you have to make it appetizing for--'cause you eat with your eyes as well, and you want to make this dish as appetizing as possible."
"So, this is quite a straight forward recipe, and the ginger, garlic, we're waiting for the ginger to cook properly."
"And for 1 more 2--1 or 2 more minutes, we'll give it--we'll leave it for 1 or 2 more minutes, and then we'll add our tomatoes to this."
I'm the owner and chef of Kashmir Indian Restaurant in Budapest.
The dish now we're going to be preparing is called paneer masala.
One ingredient that we'll be adding also is the tomatoes whilst the ginger and the garlic have been cooked slightly.
"So, just--we'll give it one more shake, stir it once more properly."
"The onions have been slightly browned now, and we added our green ginger, garlic, and the chilies."
"We'll wait for that to cook and in the meanwhile, we'll take our tomatoes, maybe about 3 of them, and we'll cut them into cubes."
"Again, we do not want tomatoes to be cut into very small cubes because we want to see, I mean, obviously, it will be cooked well with the masala, but you'll somehow see the redness of the tomato."
As I mentioned earlier most portable electric sanders run on 110 or house current. Pretty much any extension cord will work.
These sanders don't require significant amounts of power.
"You don't need a very heavy gauge extension cord, your standard, I think this is a fourteen gauge extension cord, will do."
"But to power it up, first, make sure your sander is in the off position, make sure the power switch is off."
"And then a little helpful thing that I like to do is before I connect my extension cord, to help keep it from coming unplugged while you're using it, we're going to tie a knot in the cord."
"We'll just hold the two, come around, draw it into a knot and now you can plug it in."
Notice that one pole on the extension cord is larger than the other so it will only go in one way.
Plug it in and you're ready to go.
Lesson 12-The Mascara Brush: Every mascara bottle of course comes with a mascara brush.
They all do come in different shapes and different sizes.
I like this mascara and the best way to apply your mascara and use your mascara brush is to start from the inner most part of your eyelash and wiggle and work your way up to the tip of your eyelash.
This adds fullness to the eyelash without actually not having to use a volumizer mascara.
"Mascara brushes are sold at drug stores or your beauty supply store and they do come in different sizes, like I said, and it is best to change your mascara brush because it tends to build up bacteria and to clump."
"The best way to prevent clumping is to actually take your mascara brush, and if you do see any clumps on your brush, is to wipe it off on a napkin or a paper towel that won't leave any residue behind."
"It's best not to take your mascara brush and wipe the excess off on the lid of the bottle because that just rubs right back in and that's what causes the clumping, and then you'll have the clumps left over on your eyelashes."
That is the mascara brush and that's how you use it.
I would like to talk with you now about international stoves.
When you see the word international you would think about going overseas and you may be going into a country where certain fuels are hard to find.
This liquid fuel stove happens to be a white gas stove but they make a version of it that uses multiple fuels.
"Kerosene, some of them will even burn diesel, naphta, different fuels that might be easier for you to find elsewhere."
"This stove right here has a special feature, if you don't find an MSR cartridge abroad you might find some other ones and they might not have a thread to screw on."
So what this has it has a little catch that goes over top of here and then instead of screwing on it descends down on to the cartridge.
These type of stoves give you a little more latitude of what kind of fuel you can get for them.
If you have any questions on these types of stoves give your outfitter a holler.
So the next step in making your clays is going to be to sieve the mixture.
"Now I've got one of these large fancy sieves, it's got brushes on the bottom and it turns, and then it comes with screens at different meshes, this one is 80 mesh; the higher the number the finer the particles, so 100 would be tighter woven than this one is."
"Anywhere from about 80 to 100 is appropriate for most glazes, a 50 might not be fine enough, and you don't want to go too much thinner than a 100, because some of your materials might not be small enough to go through."
"So you're going to mix, just stir up again, feel the bottom, you want to have a large spoon."
Make sure that there's no big chunks kind of laying in weight down there.
"And then you'll take a pitcher, and get a scoop, poor it right into your sieve."
"And then with this one you just turn the brushes, and that pushes the material through the screen."
"If you don't have a big fancy one like this with the brushes, a lot of times wear a rubber clove and just kind of use your hand to work the materials through the screen that works also."
"So I'm going to go through this entire bucket, and just keep scooping and pushing it through the screen, until I've got the whole thing complete."
"That's how you do it, I'm Russ Handler, and I need to make a phone call."
"Okay, it is efficiently chilled, just brought it out of the refrigerator."
It was in there about twenty five minutes or so.
"Tastes dearly, ooh, okay."
"So that's what you look for, just nice solid fudge."
"Again, put it in the freezer if you need to."
"I will say that if you want to take this with you somewhere, try to keep it in a frig."
"You know if you take it to the office maybe as a little dessert after your lunch, that's a great idea."
Just pop it back in the frig when you get to work.
Because again that coconut oil is very sensitive to temperature.
"So, it's perfectly congealed for me and solidified but as soon as I'm done you know, cutting it and showing you what it looks like I'm going to put it back in the freezer."
So just keep that in mind.
"And you can pop it in the freezer if you need to, that's okay too."
You'll see that it's not even.
"We poured it in and it was smooth, and now it looks like a rough rugged terrain that you would need a four wheel drive to go over."
But that's okay.
"Fudge is homemade, at least it should be, so that's okay, not a big deal."
I personally don't care what my fudge looks like as long as it tastes good.
"It even has a little ridge right here that cracked, you know, not, didn't crack but it has a little ridge that broke off."
That's okay.
What will happen is the contact lens will stick to a wet surface better than a dry surface.
Take it in.
"Put it on the fingertip, move it over, and pinch it off."
"You can sand that glue smooth until you feel comfortable putting your other piece on, to make a smooth transition between the two pieces."
"Once you get the glue off, you just simply, simply stick your other adhesive tile down in its place and you have a fixed adhesive tile."
"Now there are other options if you're having trouble getting the adhesive tile off the floor, you can actually soak a rag in solvent and drape the rag over the top of the floor and cover it with plastic to keep the fumes from getting out and that will actually work on dissolving that glue underneath and may make it a little bit easier for you to get that piece out."
My name's Ryan Parker with Parker Home Renovations and you can contact me at: parkerhomerenovations.com.
So you may have to replace it with something close to it.
"Now the first thing you're going to need to do when repairing one of these vinyl floor, flooring pieces is take your utility knife and you're actually going to want to cut off a corner of the tile."
"So, you're going to want to do like that, and then if you can, in some cases you could actually get into the, that piece with the end of your razor blade and pick it out like this."
"If you're lucky enough to be able to do that, then from there you can pretty much pick at it and tear that piece out."
"If you can't get to it like that, you may have to get creative with a, like a chisel of some sort and just get a hammer and chisel it up, and then you can get a chisel from the other side and chisel that piece out."
"Once you get that piece out, then you'll have to get whatever glue is on, on the floor, off, and how you can do that is you can use any kind of a cleaner to actually soak that area for a little while and you can scrape it up with a razor or you can sand that glue if that glue is really dry."
"In this series, we're learning all about fall-blooming flower bulbs."
"When in doubt, go sideways as another rule, and they multiply quickly."
"But I found with all bulbs, they like to be in groups just like people do."
"So if you put three in a triangle, it'll do much better than one by itself."
"They'll do a lot more water, too."
"I put 'em in some of the boggier areas in my yard and they've done well, too."
And it'll do well in drought conditions.
They're a plant that probably never needs to be watered and you'll never lose 'em.
Just a beautiful plant.
Sometimes they're called Montbretia.
"So Montbretia is the same as a Crocosmia and these were hybridized, the Lucifer, in England back in 1966, and I like to think that was the same year I was born."
"And some of my favorite flower bulbs are the Crocosmias, and within the crocosmias, the Lucifer."
"So they've been around for not a long time really in botanical history, but they're really a smash."
The next fall-blooming bulb that we'll talk about is Crocosmia Carmine Brilliant.
I love Crocosmia Lucifer.
"It's a native to South Africa, so it does very well in the Pacific Northwest, and it almost grows as a weed."
"It really likes full, hot sun and good drainage, and hummingbirds love it."
"I mean, once you've got a group of Crocosmia, you'll have thousands of hummingbirds in your yard."
And they're easy bulb to recognize and easy bulb to plant.
"They look like a Hershey's Kiss candy, and there's a root side and bullseye side."
So the bullseye side goes up.
"So next, getting on a step ladder, we're going to stand up here and start putting on our hillsides using a brush."
Nice brush.
Now this is going to be more detail put on.
"You can see here where it's, get the line really fine."
But that also means the paint could be a little thin.
So be prepared for this even if you didn't have to with the rest of the base layer here.
Be prepared to have to put on multiple coats.
"Which again, allowing about a day to maybe even two days to dry between coats."
I generally recommend being 2 to 3 inches wide.
And what we're going to do is you notice that the line here is really blocky.
Horizon lines don't look like this.
That's okay though.
Because what we're going to do.
Get lots of paint on your brush here and we're going to start coloring in the hills.
See like this nice rise and fall I'm getting?
And we're going to keep extending this throughout with gentle rises and falls.
"Alright, the drink we're about to make is called, Flaming Giraffe, that sounds sad, doesn't it, it's actually a very tasty shot."
"Alright, we're going to get something that can fit a double shot in it, so this glass will do here."
"And we're going to measure out 2 ounces of Kahlua, and make sure you add the alcohols in this order, okay, there we go, 2 ounces of Kahlua, and one ounce of butterscotch schnapps, there we go, and the last thing you're going to do is add 1 ounce of 151 proof rum, there we go."
"And now grab a match or a lighter, and some friends to watch, go ahead and set the drink on fire, the 151 should light pretty easily, and let it sit, enjoy the luster of the flames, blow it out, and take it down."
"Flaming Giraffe, bottoms up."
"And you've learned today a lot of different ways to set up adaptable seating, adaptable paddles, paddling techniques, and so forth, for adaptive canoeing programs for people with disabilities."
"The neat thing about this is a lot of these adaptive and accessible points we've made today can also be set up for other programs, such as kayaking, or even white water rafting."
"A lot of this stuff just takes a little bit of patience and innovation, but for example, this adaptive paddle with just these good old bike tire grips can be used for white water rafting, to help somebody grip the paddle while rafting, or even the Chosen Valley seat, like I mentioned before; the seat can also be attached to a raft frame."
"We don't have a raft here with us today, but again, just use a little bit of innovation and some patience to help modify a way to adjust the seat to the a rack frame, and we've taken it; like I said before, down a five day rafting trip down Cataract Canyon, which is full of much larger rapids."
"So, it's very durable, and you know, a lot of these systems can also be set up for kayaking."
"Just look at the kayak you're using, look at the raft you're using, your participant needs, and just sort of adjust from there."
We'll take our measuring tool.
See how far off we are or how on we are and you can see we're right on with that.
"Now we, it's still attached to the hump and we are going to take that off in the same way that we took off the other one."
We are going to create a little grove and we're going to put a piece of dental floss on there.
Get a grip on it and just draw the dental floss through and as you can see it just released and then we're going to place our fingers on the side pop it off and stick over by the other piece.
Now we have completed two parts of the lid.
We have completed the lower part the base and the top part.
Next we're going to create the little handle that sits on the top.
For the sake of what we're doing today I'm going to go ahead and say that's about as much as I want riding on the edges there.
"Now that I've drawn the size of paper that I want to use, I like to get this paper just to where I can just work with this paper."
"So, basically, I'm going to use this razor blade knife and this metal ruler which you can see it has a cork on the bottom of it which actually gives it space from the paper."
There's no rush when you're using this blade.
That's the key point I'm trying to make.
"And I'll just do the same thing, I just set the ruler to the right."
Set the blade in the corner.
Slowly drag.
And you may have to score it a couple of times because it's a thicker paper so it didn't separate.
So what I'll do is repeat the process.
Which on this paper it usually takes two.
Two scores.
Turn this back.
"And one thing that it's good for is if you're, especially if you're using ink pens or markers, you've probably noticed when you do a line on a ruler that's flat to the paper, it smears."
Then you can see that it separated on the second score.
Do the same thing on the long side.
And this one's going to be feisty and I'm going to have to do a third one.
And this is being really feisty.
There we go.
So now this is the actual piece that I'm going to use.
So I'm going to set that there.
This drawing table actually has a cutting mat that I bought and put that on there to fit to size so it's like self healing.
You can get that at your art store as well.
That little bit of space will prevent the marker from smearing the edge of the border that you're doing.
"But in this case, I'm going to use it for cutting out the paper."
So I'm going to line it up on my outside edge.
And be very careful when you're using these knives because they don't play around.
They're very sharp.
"So once I get it to where I want it, and I'm just going to set the blade at the corner and I'm going to slowly put pressure, and just drag it down while I'm holding the ruler in place to keep a nice straight line."
"Then I'll come over here and for me, personally, I like to pull the blade towards me but slowly, because you don't want to...."
"As you can see I've put down a few of the pieces now of my bottom layer, I'm going to move on to what I consider to be my next layer."
"So again, laying out some of my mixed medium onto my plexiglass board."
Laying my piece out because it keeps it steady for me.
"Lifting it up in the corner with my brush, lifting it over and you know you are going to have a little bit of messiness, it is going to get on to your fingers."
"You want to make sure that though in between when are using different tools and stuff, you are being careful not to get too much on everything else because it's a lot to clean up later."
"So I push it down with my fingers, and I go right to my rag to wipe my fingers off, again lay some more down, and you can see I'm working fairly quickly, and the reason for this is when you have these adhesives laying down to the board acrylic gel mediums tend to dry very quickly just as acrylic paints do."
"Ok get that piece up so I'm going for reinforcements with my, there it goes."
"Sometimes it gets a little stuck, always wipe the edge though of your exacto blade off, that blade is going to end up tending to be a blade that your not really going to be able to use for cutting much anymore, so you may want to have two of the tools available to you so that in case one of them, you want to just keep that open for cutting and the other one you can use for lifting the materials up when they get stuck."
What I'll be demonstrating here is the Power Dumbbell Chest Presses.
"You want to do this flat on the ground here, take two dumbbells, put them on to the side of the body."
"What you want to do is power up, flex the chest, come down all the way to the ground, flat against the surface, hold it for about one to two seconds, power back up."
"Flex on top, down for about one to two seconds and power back up."
You want to continue this motion here for about eight to ten reps and about three to four sets.
"So you see this is a power movement, it is good to try to use heavy weights on this."
This will help in building some thickness in the chest.
"Again, when then flat on the ground, power it up."
And that's how you do Power Dumbbell Chest Presses.
Sponges and the wire tool are tools you use every time you throw as well.
"A wire tool is what removes your piece from the bat, or from the wheel, and without the wire tool there is no way to disconnect the clay that adheres to the surface when you're throwing it, from the surface."
So this is my favorite choice of sponges.
"So I use, I usually get probably one a month just because, you can see I've had this not too long and it's already starting to kind of warp and I like the new crisp ones."
"They're very inexpensive, easy to get."
Sponges are a real personal choice as well.
You've got natural and synthetic.
"I usually use pretty small ones unless I'm throwing something really large, and then sometimes I'll even use one, each one in each hand."
Synthetics are just obviously rough.
"They seem to last a little better, but I really like the smoothness of the natural sponges, plus this angle I can get, sometimes I'll even cut my sponges actually just to get that edge that I need for certain shapes."
This one I haven't cut and it fits perfectly in my hand.
Hi!
"From the moment that you decide to sell your home, it is time to start thinking about your marketing strategy."
Staging should be an interval part of your marketing strategy.
"If you decide to sell your home, then you want to contact a stager approximately 30 to 45 days before you anticipate putting it on a market."
There are several reasons why it is so critical.
"First and foremost, you want to allow a stager and your real estate agent enough of time to prepare your home before it goes on the market."
"Sometimes there is work that could be done to paint, to work on the landscaping, to organize the home prior to selling, to declutter the home and we even sometimes pre-pack your home so that when it is time to move out of your house, you are that much further ahead in the moving process."
"By working with a certified stager like K. Nicole Redesign, you can have a full service approach during one of the most stressful times in your life."
So this is this is clip one and its about how to pick a suitable idea to make a glass mosaic.
I don't know how to explain this except that sometimes ideas just come into my head out of someplace.
Or even pictures in the paper.
"Anything, a scene you might see, take a photograph of it."
I've done that too.
I've taken photographs of things and used that as a basis.
So those are some of the ways that you can use to start with.
Or else I think maybe people would like to see something that's more abstract and I just kinda just have fun with the glass and add other materials to it and so on.
Other times I see pictures of something like I saw a picture of a Beatles on Abbey Road and I though boy that would be neat to do that in glass.
"Or pictures of some horses I saw in the paper that were, they had their noses together, looked like they were kissing and I thought that was really sweet."
Or else sometimes I see a picture of horse races like this in the paper.
"And I think, boy that would be neat, how could I put that all together in a horse race?"
So one of the ways you can get ideas for doing a project like this is to maybe scan over some art books.
There's a lot of art books that are out there and all the old masters and different people or more modern things.
Whatever you might learn.
Hi I'm Ann Myrick and today I'm going to show you how to arrange your China cabinet.
"Now one thing that I am big on is not putting glass, sorry, with glass."
This one a lot of times I'll leave the door open and then I'll hang a picture or I'll hang something on the door but then also you can shut it and when you shut it you see all the pieces without seeing just clear glass.
This is Ann Myrick and those are ways to work with your China cabinet.
"This has a glass door and when I see China cabinets that only have, many many times what people will do is people will not add weight."
"Glasses, clear glasses do not have any weight with them so if you put glass in your china cabinet you are not creating weight, you are not creating interest."
"What I like to do with my China cabinets or the ones that have glass is I like to put solid colors interesting pieces, bigger pieces, in it to create interest and to give color."
"I have a collection of McCoy and what I did on this one, you'll see that I can barely see it but there is an old mirror up here that reflects the yellow back into it and then what I did is I grouped like colors."
"When you have a collection that has a lot of different colors to it you want your eye to be able to move over it smoothly and if you had a yellow one and a white one and a green one and a yellow one you would be really choppy and so what I did in this is I grouped, I put all the colors in it but I grouped them together so as you are looking at it you see the yellow and your eye goes all the way across and you see the white and you see the greens and blues."
You can put books and really put antique books and a few bigger pieces.
I don't like to put a lot of little things in China cabinets.
You can use a China cabinet as an organizational piece but just play with it and make it look interesting.
Hi there I'm Melody Mooney and I'm going to share with you some tips on how to fold your clothes.
"Today we're going to fold a dress shirt, but first things first."
"So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to put the front side flat down on my area with the sleeves lying flat out."
"So, now I'm looking at the back of the shirt, making it smooth."
I take my one by one cardboard.
I put it right in the shoulders where there's a gather.
Start with my left side.
"I'm going to fold in, take my collar, grab it, fold this into the center and fold it one time back towards the left, so it looks like that."
"So, I'll show you it again on the right side."
Here we go.
Take my right side at the cuff; fold it into the middle and then one time back towards the right.
"So, they're matching there."
I always start out with a flat surface.
I have two sides going right down here.
I've made a fold.
"Now, what I want to do is I want to take the bottom and I'm going to fold this up."
I'm moving the cardboard up.
"Fold this bottom up to the center, like so."
"Now, I'm going to slide out my cardboard piece, put it to the side."
All that's left to do is fold one more time.
Look at that.
"Great, flat folded."
If you're traveling or you need to store them everything is neat and flat.
"So, get yourself a flat surface."
There you have it; how to fold a dress shirt.
"It can be your kitchen table or your bed or the floor, but get on a flat surface."
First thing I do is I get myself a one by one piece of cardboard for my folding.
"Now, I'll show you what to do with that in a minute."
Next thing is I shake out my shirt.
I want to make sure all the buttons are done up.
This is a good time to check and make sure the shirt indeed has all its buttons and this one does.
"Okay, I'm going to lay this exactly on here where we want it, and kind of hold on a little bit."
"Oh, that's pretty good."
You see what I'm doing here?
When it starts to come up on the wax paper you just kind of press it down a little more.
"I mean, look at this."
Wow.
That's nice.
"Wow, I haven't had one work that easily ever, and that's in front of the camera."
Nice.
"Okay, we're going to show you what this looks like."
And this is our chocolate cracker.
"We flipped it, and now we can put the shelf back, like that."
"And as I said, I don't use oil."
"There was a raw cracker that I tried recently, and it was kind of a crepe, and it had oil in it, and it's just not my preference."
"So, if that doesn't bother you, some of us are very sensitive to oils."
"When I consume oils, I try to have them in the food that they're in."
"So that would be an avocado, or nuts, or a coconut, but separated oils have to be really careful with for me personally."
"So, look at how beautiful this is without any oil at all."
And of course we used the coconut butter that was a lot of the oil.
"We have nuts in there, and we have the flax, and that kept it together beautifully."
And now we're going to go over to the dehydrator.
Okay.
"Now, here's the part where we're going to peel it back, and what I'm letting the cracker known here is that I need him to let go."
Doing a little spiritual work on my cracker.
Everybody's a healer in Sedona.
"Okay, so we're going to start work."
We'll see if it comes off here.
And there we go; it's coming off nicely.
"Okay, I'm giving my speech now."
"Okay, I'm giving my speech with my note cards."
Holding the note card or the paper in front of your face.
You can't hold that in front of your face.
I can't build a relationship with you if I can't see your face.
"Another thing, you've got to remember to breathe like I talked about last time, or you'll be up here giving your speech and I'll be so focused on your papers that I won't listen to you."
"Okay, hold your note cards, use your note cards, keep them down here."
"And something else that's really important, and I see this a lot with note cards."
"You drop your note cards, you lose your place, never ever apologize."
"Never, ever in the middle of your speech tell me what a bad job you're doing or how bad I must think you are, or how sorry you are, because none of that's true."
"Visualize success, remember."
"All you have to say is, excuse me just a minute, and if you're funny you can make a joke."
We're going to talk about note cards people.
"Remember, only if you're funny."
"So note cards are a really important tool, but keep them organized."
That way they can keep your organized.
"Keep them out of your face, and maybe you even put your hands down so that I don't see you shaking."
"Note cards are a great thing to use, and most people prefer small cards for note cards."
But a lot of people like to work straight off a piece of paper off of their outline.
"Now there's a few problems with note cards, and I want to warn you about them."
That's one.
"You might drop them, and then what happens, you're already nervous, you're scrambling, you're scrambling, okay, okay, okay, I got it."
I'm ready to go.
And that would be problem two.
"Now we're going to go over, the best time to exercise."
"Now there's so many studies telling you different things about different times, about eating different meals and what's going to be best for different people."
"I just want you to focus on you, what's good for you."
"If you're a morning person, exercise in the morning, if you're a night person, you get a big kick at night, exercise at night."
We have 2 different receipts to show you a peanut butter fudge pie and a peanut butter meringue pie.
The peanut butter fudge pie is made with a cream cheese peanut butter filling and the peanut butter meringue pie is made with a peanut butter and pudding filling and topped with a nice meringue.
"The first pie we would be making today is a peanut butter fudge pie it has a creamy peanut butter filling, a fudgy layer of chocolate ganache and a crunchy graham cracker crust."
Let's get our ingredients together to make sure we have everything we need.
"For the graham cracker crust we will be using 1 1/2 cups of ground up graham crackers, this 1 1/2 cups is also 1 package of the graham crackers ground up or 5 ounces if you want to weigh it."
You can buy it ground up or you can buy it the cracker form.
1/4 cup of sugar and 1/3 cup of margarine.
For the ganache layer we are going to use a ganache layer and a ganache topping we are using 8 ounces of the semi sweet chocolate and a 1/2 cup of cream.
"For the peanut butter cream mixture we are using a cup of confectioner's sugar, 1/2 cup of creamy peanut butter I'm using the natural type peanut butter, a teaspoon of vanilla, 8 ounces of cream cheese you can use the creamy cream cheese or you can use the block style both would work fine and 1 cup of whipping cream."
At this point we're talking about securing the artwork to the thermographic paper.
I personally glove up when I do this because of the purple ink seems just to get everywhere.
And we have two choices that we can use.
"We can use one, a ball point pen or we can use a mechanical pencil."
The ball point pen is usually better because you can press harder and it gets a better transfer on the hand drawing of these stencils.
But now the mechanical pencil is a finer type.
"And in this particular case, that is what we need."
So I'm going to use the mechanical pencil on this particular one.
I'm going to press hard and I'm going to get the nice crisp detail.
And I'm going to show you how to do that.
"So at this point, I got gloves on, I've got the thermograph paper cut to size."
I've got the customer's artwork that I have positioned vertically as opposed to horizontally.
Which he picked the font out online.
So I'm going to secure it to the paper here by doing this.
Using some surgical tape and you don't want the image to shift around because you don't want any ghosting of the images.
"As you can see, some of this line work here is very detailed and very defined."
"And you know it's a very simple piece, but there's no room for error with this."
So what we do is we secure the artwork to here using surgical tape.
There is a difference between real goals and fake goals.
In order to come across as passionate about your platform you must have real goals.
"An example of an empty goal would be, I plan to make a difference in the lives of children because they are our future."
"And what I've just demonstrated does not tell anyone that I know anything about my platform, so let me rephrase it in a more specific way."
I plan to help the children of this neighborhood who are experiencing neglect and poverty because I've been there myself.
I want to form an after school program that involves at risk teens be able to overcome their differences so that we can bridge the gaps of our society and our future.
Be confident about your goals and let them know that this is something that you want to do.
Be confident about your goals and state specifically how you plan to reach those goals.
"Often, clients tell me they get really sore in their wrists, so I'm going to at least teach you some tricks of the trade to keep the energy focused on the forearms and out of the wrists, when you're balancing on the hands, which is what's going to happen in our next frames."
That's the way to stay out of the wrists.
"So, spreading the fingers wide, root down with the first knuckle of the first finger, and she's already doing that, as opposed to; can you show them the opposite of that, yeah, a lifted knuckle and closed fingers even."
"That puts a lot of pressure in the wrist, so spread it long, and let that energy radiate out through, radiate out through the fingertips, and then press into the floor like you're pushing the floor down with the fingertips."
"Now, she's got a real firm hold on the forearms."
That's a great way to do that.
"The other thing is to keep the shoulder directly above the wrist, not forward from it."
"When she moves the weight forward that puts a lot more stress on the wrists, so we'll come back, and all of your arm bouncing will generally have, will bend the elbow to keep this crease at a ninety degree angle, so when we come forward bending the elbow; stop right there, so you can see there's a ninety degree angle here and through the shoulder."
"And then come back up, very nice."
Let's take it back; hips to heels.
BRYAN BILLHIMER: Hi.
I have a few different ones here.
They're--they differ in thickness and size.
That's a medium pick.
"I like to actually these smaller ones that are even thicker 'cause I don't like--sometimes, when you pick a string, they'll bend, these don't."
"These might bend, have a little more give in 'em, but whatever--basically, whatever you feel most comfortable with."
"And we're also going to need a couple of sheets of notebook paper and a pen, and if you have a music stand handy, that would be good, too."
So now we're going to go into a little bit of knowledge about the parts and terminology of the guitar.
Okay.
So the first thing we're going to do is talk about some of the things you're going to need.
"Obviously, you're going to need a guitar."
"And this little lesson isn't specific really to electric or acoustic guitar, so either is fine."
"Some things will, as far as the equipment we're using might apply to electric guitar, but the lesson itself it can be done on electric or acoustic."
So we need a guitar.
"I'm using a couple of cables, one to go from my guitar to my tuner and one to go from my tuner to my amp, so we need two cables if you're using a tuner, one if you're not, and electric tuner and an amplifier."
And I like to use picks so we're gonna--the lesson today involves guitar picks and there's all kinds of different guitar picks.
"If you're grilling and some of your meat juices or in our case brochette oil drips on your grill and you've got a little fire starting, it's always wise to keep a spray bottle of clean water."
"You just give it a couple of sprays, and make sure it's nice and clean."
"And in addition to that, always, always have nearby your trusty fire extinguisher."
And know how to use it.
Gorgeous.
Ready to go.
In this segment we are going to cover the overhead serve and this is very similar to a tennis serve or an overhead smash.
So the key here is you have your racquet in an already ready position like this and you just toss it up and you smash it.
"So it's a pretty good serve, the good news about it is that you are able to really drill the ball at your opponent and a lot of people if you hit the ball at an angle about their shoulder height with a lot of pace, they have a hard time with it."
The thing to be careful about with an overhead serve though is if you hit it too hard you're not able to get positioned for the next shot.
"So just to demonstrate again if you want to just hit it like that, you are going to swing and hit it so we're going to show another angle of this serve so you can just kind of get a feel for the mechanics."
So as you can see I'm at an open angle with the ball and I just toss the ball and smash it so in the next segment we are going to cover what it looks like from the front and maybe a little bit from the side.
To groom your parrot remember that it needs to be bathed.
Parrots need to be bathed in the way that they enjoy being bathed more than the way you want to do it.
Their toenails need to be clipped.
If they're not and you handle your bird you'll be sorry.
Because they can puncture your skin very easily with their toenails.
This little fellow right here had toenails so sharp as a tiny baby that I almost dreaded to take him out and hand feed him.
"But his toenails now are long enough he can grip and watch that you don't; when you're clipping their toenails that you don't go into the quick because you can make them bleed, it also hurts the bird and then they get where they don't like you to, to handle them."
"A lot of people use clippers, I like to use a Dremel because a Dremel will grind them down and you've got control of how short you actually go to grind down the toenails."
Some parrots love to get in the sink with running water.
Other parrots want to get in the shower with you.
And some just like to be misted or sprayed with a misting bottle.
"The water should be warm not cold, not hot."
And then they will preen their feathers to put them in the shape that they need to be in. But also you need to pay attention to their beak.
"Their beaks sometimes get soiled and scaly, and these bathes don't necessarily clean them up."
I like to every now and then take just regular vegetable oil on a paper towel and wipe their beaks.
So here we are and it's race day.
This is the first day of your big race.
"It is important to wake up and have some water or sports drink so that you go into your race properly hydrated because I guarantee you after your race, you might be dehydrated."
"So it is good to start out head of the game and hopefully if you fuel properly, you will end your race hydrated and excited from your big win."
"You've waited for this, you've trained and now you are here."
What do you do when that alarm goes off.
The first thing you need to think about before you go into any race is your nutrition.
It is very very important to eat and drink before your race.
"Not 15 minutes before your race but typically 2 to 3 hours before your race, you want to have something that has some substance, some complex carbs."
"The best oatmeal, bananas, any kind of hot cereal, things that are going to stay in and give you the energy you need for the long race."
The other important thing on race day is hydration.
Don't go into your race dehydrated.
"When you're going on a trip, you want to make sure that you take precautions against insect bites."
There are many different types of biting and stinging insects.
"That can cause you some pretty serious pain, or disease if it should be that serious."
So there are many things that you can do to protect yourself against insects.
"And one of which is topical skin application, and another is actually treating your clothes and the third would be actually doing mosquito netting, insect netting, noseeum mesh, those types of things that you can actually put over your body, over your bed, over your head, your face, your body."
"There are clothing or insect mesh clothing that you can purchase, pants, jackets."
"But the most important thing, the most important defense is going to be your topical skin application and your clothing treatment."
And so those are some of the things we're going to be talking about today.
"Now I'll tell you a little bit about our distribution of our product, how we get it to market."
So what we decided to do is take our product directly with our own trucks and get them to different parts of the state.
"We start up here in Chico all the way to the border, southern California and that's our distribution area."
"We take our product, our own trucks and be sure it gets, with our control, into the different stores within that distribution area."
"So here's our facility in Milipitas, California."
The way we'll be able to control our quality is we have different depots with different expert personnel within the different areas delivering to the products within their area.
"We have one in Santa Rosa, Marin, Sacramento, Chico, Sacramento, Reno, Stockton, Fresno and Southern California. Each individual manager within the area is able to take the product, analyze zone market, be store specific with what they want to do in terms of the products, the distribution, the communication with the store and be able to really maximize our relationship with the store and be sure we have the best product going out to the stores."
"In this video clip, I will be talking about electrical safety."
You never want to carry the tool by the chord.
And you just want to take extra care when handling your tool and the chord.
"First off, it is important to know that the cord is the life line of your tool."
You want to make sure you keep your cord in good working condition.
Make sure that there are no cracks or tears in it.
Any type of damage to the chord is just leading to disaster.
"For your tool to be properly grounded, you want to make sure that you have all three prongs on the plug."
This will insure maximum safety when using your tool.
"Now, although it is not recommended to use an extension chord, if you do have a situation where you need to use one to reach your location, you want to make sure that the extension chord is of the proper rating."
"And lastly, you never want to abuse the chord."
"Alright folks, next we're going to talk about footwear and shoes you can have to complete your vintage look."
"Now the downside, I think, to looking for vintage footwear is in my case, maybe not in all cases, is they tend to be a lot of small sizes, kind of narrow, and a lot of them are hard to find in really good condition."
Just amazing.
"Unfortunately, as cute as these are, you're going to find a lot of the missing rhinestones on there and for this one, the insole's got torn out."
"It's just really cute, but what I need to do is go to my craft store, pick up some rhinestones and just kind of fix them back in there."
"The vintage shoes sometimes, they just need a little more help."
Especially the fancier ones like this.
"So these one's have some potential, but I might want to bring into a shoe store to get some insoles in here and then maybe have them or myself just maybe hot glue back in some or super glue back in, some little rhinestones in there."
"But what you can do is, an alternative to finding some cute vintage themed shoes is you're going to want to try to find some modern day shoes with a vintage look and there's a lot of them out there."
"Now, Ebay has been a great source for me to find some modern shoes that are priced really affordable but that maintain the integrity of a vintage shoe."
Here's one pair that I found.
They look great.
I think just because shoes tend to get a lot of wear and tear as opposed to a vintage dress that someone might wear a handful of times.
They look vintage.
Just these ones are modern and it's great because you're going to find your size.
"They're brand new and you know, they just look really cute."
They look like they could be a vintage with some great detailing on them.
"And here's another pair. They don't look quite as vintage. They have a vintage flair to them. But just look for bows, look for prints, like the polk-a-dots and what not, looks for the nice heels like that."
These are going to last you longer.
They're going to be a little more affordable and they're going to be a lot more comfortable to create that vintage outfit for you and tie it all together.
"The shoes, again get a little wear and tear."
"Now, you might be lucky out there and find some vintage shoes that are in great condition."
"So you know, when you go to the stores, don't neglect the shoe section."
Go and take a peek.
You might find something.
"But you're best bet, I think sometimes might be to just look online or just look in your shops for some vintage replica shoes and that there is some great tips on finding some vintage footwear to help round out and complete your vintage look."
But you're still going to be able to find some cute ones out there.
"Now, one type of vintage shoe that I absolutely love and a lot of vintage know hower's out there know they're really fun."
"They look junky from a distance, but they're pretty darn cute."
"These ones here, just like some little plastic patent ones."
"But, when you look closely, these just have amazing detail."
"These ones have a loose heel on them and you can see the detailing that they have on them, just rhinestones are lined down the back of these."
What we've gone over today is sleight of hand using the Pinch Vanish and the French Drop.
"Enjoy the reactions, enjoy your magic as much as they're going to enjoy it and you will really love the art of magic."
It's very important that that's happens as such.
But practice; don't reveal your secrets to your audience.
"And never do the same trick twice, and have a good time."
"That's a very important, maybe the most important rule of magic, is to enjoy it."
Very important in magic again that I want to emphasize that you are entertaining by way of manipulating an object.
"Really enjoy it, make it look effortless, make it look enjoyable to you and it will be to them as well."
"You're not using magic to show them, oh look what I can do."
"You really can use magic to put yourself out there to make yourself relaxed, get to know people."
It's a form of entertainment that helps people really relax.
You can really get to know somebody on a really quick and fast basis by performing an illusion.
"And after all, you are pulling coins out of their ears, and so forth."
"But again, enjoy."
So for these handles that I'm using on this chicken baker I have done them with an extruder.
That's why they look so even and they have a nice textural design to them.
"An extruder is a lot like a giant Play Dough factory, it just squeezes out one very long consistent piece of clay, and I like to use that a lot for many of my different handles."
So the first thing I need to do is prepare the clay for the extruder.
"Now my extruder has a 4 inch cylindrical barrel, so I need to get a piece of clay that's going to fit in there nicely."
So I'm going to cut a piece off.
"And then I'm going to pound it on the table, to round out the corners."
And then I'm going to pat to elongate it and thin it out just a little bit more.
Now I want it to be smaller than the actual size of the barrel of the extruder itself so that it will slip in there really easily and it won't get jammed or anything like that.
So now the clay is prepared and I'll show you over at the extruder how this works.
Hi my name is Lauren and today I am here to discuss how to brush your hair.
Brushing your hair has a few different advantages.
Number one it can help you to create the style that you would like and the style that you are looking to achieve.
It also increases the blood circulation to your brain which nourishes your papilla.
"Once the blood circulation actually increases towards your brain and towards your scalp your nutrients, your papilla which is where the base of your hair follicle is going to grab nutrients out of your bloodstream and help nourish your hair so it is a very good thing to be in the habit of brushing your hair on a regular basis."
The easiest way to brush your hair especially if your hair is rather knotted is to start at the bottom of the end of the shaft and work your way up.
If you use a Boar's Head bristle then it will also help promote smoothness in your hair and it will help maintain frizz.
Plastic bristles will also help get all of those knots out because it has a bit of a better grab to it.
So again you are going to start at the end of your hair shaft and you are going to work your way up towards your root.
Once you get towards your root you can then do a few really good brush strokes in order to increase that circulation and have more blood flow go up to your scalp and that is how to brush your hair.
In this next clip we're going to be going over a hook kick. Ok. A hook is a very powerful kick.
"We're going to take a step, skip, hook it. One more time from here. Step, skip, hiya. Ok. Now when I'm kicking I'm kicking with the very bottom part of my foot."
We're going to be doing it with pointing our toes and it's going to come across.
The whole foot is going to be pointed straight and I'm going to hook that all the way across. Ok. That's our kicking position.
So again from here.
And that is going to be your skip hook kick.
It is the opposite of a round kick.
"O.k., I'm Bobby Larew."
One of the drills you can do to work on your front entries is just called a line up.
I should go in vertical and I should be working on my pike save at the end.
So I'm going to go walk up to the 3 meter and do a front line up.
"A line up I'm going to do on the 3 meter board, o.k."
I do that because it gives me enough height and I don't have to worry about doing a good hurdle to practice a line up.
You can solely concentrate on the line up.
"A good line up I'm going to go to the end of the board feet together, I'm going to bend at the waste and extend my arms."
"What I'm concentrating on is making sure I get my hands closed above my head, make sure my elbows are locked, my biceps are squeezing my head and my ears."
Make sure I have no arch like I'm sucking my back this way; make sure I got my hips under me a little bit.
"I want to have nice tight legs, thighs spread apart; leave it together, nice tight toe frame."
I shouldn't get a lot of splash.
"We actually used the sewing machine for this, and basically we had two pieces of fabric."
I'm just going to get my little cloth and just dampen it up a little bit.
And then we're going to put that on there.
"Again, make sure none of the fusing is actually sticking out, because if it gets on your iron board, it's really sticky and it gets on your iron and it's impossible to get out."
"Like that, put that down, see how it steams, and it's sealing it shut for us right now."
Slide it around a little bit.
"There you have it, a very adorable pumpkin placemat that's going to last for years."
We made sure of that when we used the zigzag stitched the edges.
You can throw it in the washing machine and it's going to hold it beautifully.
"Stick around, I'm going to show you a few tricks for embellishing before we go."
"We used the zigzag stitch around, and turn it right side out, and we actually have a little spot that we're going to slip-stitch but I had an epiphany as I was ironing, because you are going to want to just iron your placemat so all of your edges are nice and flat."
"Go around and we're not going to actually slip-stitch, we are going to use our fusible tape to finish this placemat."
"So I'm just going to measure, it's a very, very little area, very small area that I need to finish here."
"So you just measure and cut, and again be sure you measure the exact length because if you go over and it ends up sticking out and the iron gets on it, it's going to get really hot and it's going to make the outside of your fabric really sticky and that's going to start to bunch up and you don't want that."
So really kind of take your time in measuring how much tape you?re going to use.
"Just fold your fabric under on both sides like that, you just tuck it in, use your finger to do the corner."
"Lay that down, but make sure your tape does go all the way to the corner, otherwise you're going to have a little open corner and you don't want that either."
"Go ahead and lay it flat and I'm just going to get, my iron is hot but not too height though."
"The game of Baroness solitaire is an adding game at its heart, and the number you're trying to get to, the sum; is that right, when you add is thirteen."
"So ace plus queen, the ace is one; the queen is twelve, that equals thirteen."
What'll I do now?
Next segment.
The king is thirteen by himself.
"So aces are worth one, twos are worth two, three is three; face value until you get up to ten, then jacks are worth eleven, queens, twelve, kings are thirteen, so the king doesn't have to be added to anything."
"So, how does that work in a real example?"
"Well the cards I have dealt at the start of this hand of baroness are an ace, a two, a ten, a ten, and a three."
"So, if I want combinations that add up to thirteen, at this point all I have are a three plus one of the tens."
So I'm going to take down this three and this ten.
That adds up to thirteen.
There are no more moves.
Now how do we practice for Tribal belly dancing?
"Hi, I'm Johanna Krynytzky with Hip Expressions Belly Dance Studio."
Your belly buttons pulled in.
Your chest is lifted.
Your shoulders are back and down.
Arms out away from the body.
"And now, again the arm position is going to vary."
"If you're doing more Tribal Fusion, or if you're doing more Improvisational Tribal Style."
"So, it depends on where your arms are supposed to go, but ultimately, you want your isolations to remain nice and precise."
"So, that you get nice clean movements out of your dancing."
I'm Johanna Krynytzky from Hip Expressions Belly Dance Studio helping you to practice your Tribal belly dance.
"Now, let's talk about practice sessions for Tribal belly dance."
Now there's different types of tribal style belly dancing.
"Alright, you have Improvisational Tribal style which developed out of San Francisco in the 1980s and that's where you dance with a group working on cues and improvisations."
"In that case, what you needed to do to practice is to practice with your group."
There are certain moves that you need to practice over and over and over again until you have them precisely correct.
"Now, there's also Tribal Fusion styles of belly dance which developed a little bit later, and there's many, many different movements for that."
"So, depending on what you're practicing, everything comes back to having your basic isolations."
"So, you want to practice in front of a mirror with your partners, or if you're doing solo, by yourself, making sure your feet are together, under your hips, your knees are bent."
This is a lead weight welded to an alligator clip.
"We want to hook that to the snell on the hook and drop it down the hole, laying out our line until such time that we get slack."
"When we have slack, we know we're on the bottom. There's our slack. We want to mark that and pull it up."
Then we know exactly how much line to reel in so that we know that our bait is just off of the bottom.
"BEN GRAHAM: This is probably the second most important thing, especially when you are playing the field in the game of baseball."
This is a glove.
It's also very difficult to catch in the heel because sometimes the ball will pop out.
"Also, some gloves have a finger-hole opener right here."
It doesn't really affect the game at all.
Some people feel just more comfortable and like to have more control over how they catch the ball if their finger is on the outside.
"Now, if we were to take an infielder's glove, you'd take a couple of inches off of the end of this glove right here."
An infielder's glove is much smaller.
"It's because they're used to field the ball on the ground, so you want less size."
"In the outfield, you need a bigger pocket, a little bit thicker."
"Now, the first baseman's glove is the exact opposite."
It's larger than your standard outfielder's glove.
"This, right here, is your standard outfielder's glove."
It has a larger pocket so that the first baseman can stretch and pull the ball in more easily.
"The catcher's mitt is smaller but thicker with more padding, which allows the--it protects the catcher's hand as the pitcher is throwing."
"In the Major League level, pitchers are throwing in the mid to upper 90s with regularity, so you want a thick pad for your catcher's mitt."
But any glove will do for any position; some are just better suited than others.
And that's all about the glove.
"Gloves do come in various sizes and various forms, depending on the position that you're going to play."
Gloves are made up of just a very few basic things.
"It's usually made out of leather or synthetic leather, woven together with leather threads."
This is the pocket right here.
This is where you ideally want to catch the ball.
"You'll hear people--as you work your glove you want to create a deep, nice pocket and cushion."
"If you catch the ball in the pocket, it's not going to sting your hand, and, trust me, if you catch it here in the heel, it does hurt."
"Hello, have you ever wondered how to heal a broken heart after a breakup?"
This is no easy task.
So that some of those raw wounds will heal in time.
"Remember everyone does survive breakups and usually by the time you're in your 20's and 30's, you've already had your share of high school breakups."
So you should be somewhat condition to that process.
"You will heal, you will get over this and with that in mind, remember how you go about healing from the breakup, healing your broken heart, depends on you making conscious efforts to stay active and busy."
Right?
Good luck.
"Dr. Felicia here, goodbye."
"But, I'm Dr. Felicia and I'm here to give you a few tips on how to do that."
For one thing you want to indulge yourself in things that you like and surround yourself by supportive family and friends who understand the situation.
The other thing you want to do is try to embellish some of the good parts of that relationship and try to make some senses to why it actually broke up.
"It's really hard to be honest and look inside ourselves and say, ""okay, what did I do to contribute to this breakup"", if anything, maybe nothing, but, it's good for you to take a look at that and analyze it."
"The other thing you want to do is also, your response may differ, whether you're, what we call an internal directed person, perhaps you think about it a lot, you're going to, you're going to internalize it, you're not going to speak to your friends, you're just kind of go and go quiet walks on the beach, process that information by yourself."
"Or, you maybe what we call externally driven, where you need to throw yourself in a lot of activities and laughter and jokes."
I would strongly recommend laughter is the best medicine.
If you can get through the breakup and eventually time does heal wounds.
So now that we've got that on there we want to make sure and press it all the way around the edge to make sure that it's nice and secure before we start throwing.
So just slowly spin your wheel and press down to broaden that base and give it a lot of pressure to hold it on to the top of the pot.
"Now once it's attached nice and firmly we want to moisten it, but only a very little amount."
You don't want water running down the sides and pooling in this connection area or your lid might get stuck to your base.
So you need to be very conservative with your water use here.
"Now I'm doing, I'm centering, but I'm doing a very miniature version of it."
"My left fingers are still the stabilizers and my right fingers are still doing all the work, pushing the clay towards the center of the wheel, and once you've got that nicely centered and just a column you can just take your right middle finger and push in to make a stem and once you've got a stem you can just pinch the top a little bit to pull it out to make a knob."
And let that dry slowly so that the connection can become very secure and it doesn't crack off when it dries.
This series is going to involve seated poses.
"We're going to utilize straps, blocks, different variations of your seated poses."
One of the things that's very common when you're getting started with your yoga practice is it's not very comfortable to sit on the floor.
"So what you're going to want to do is be sure that you have some blocks, pillows, some things that you'll be able to do so that when you're sitting, your hips will be higher than your knees."
"So you can use some blocks to sit with, but it's going to be important to find out where you can sit, and be comfortable with your hips."
"Having your knees up this high, that's a clue that it's not going to be comfortable with your hips, so you'll be able to use some blocks under your knees."
And we'll go over all those modifications specifically when we do the poses.
"But as with all the other poses, we're going to begin to think about utilizing your breath, so that we can deepen your pose, relax the muscles."
"In Yoga, the breath is done in through your nose, out through your nose."
"We're talking about yes, and and the idea of making offers, accepting offers, and building on those offers."
"And I want to show you a game called yes, and brainstorm."
"Well, it is possible with the magic of yes and."
"So, we're going to show you how it's done."
"We're going to do a yes, and marketing brainstorm."
"I'm going to shout out my first idea, and Shannon is going to yes, and that idea."
"He's going to say, yes, and, and then fill in the rest of his line, and we're going to go back and forth like that until we've got our product, all the product's features, its names, and the entire marketing plan."
I like to do this game with a lot of my corporate clients.
"It works well for businesses, meetings, organizations, anytime where people have to kind of create things together."
"And how it works is you're going to get with your team, you can break up into groups of three, of four or five I think is a good size, it could go up to eight or ten."
"And, what you're going to do is, is the team is going to have to come up with a new product and they're going to have to come up with an entire marketing plan for that product."
"Come up with the packaging, the commercials, the jingle, the spokesperson, the billboards, you know, anything you can think of that would be part of the line of marketing."
"What stores it might be in, what the slogan is going to be, and anything you can think of."
And they're going to have to do that as a group and they have to do it in three minutes.
"And usually people at that point groan and go what are you talking about, that's impossible!"
If you're going backpacking for a little bit longer then you're going to need to resupply unless you're going to carry all the food for your trip.
"If you're going to a particularly remote area then you might have to do that, pack every single food into your pack."
"So, mailing yourself stuff is one way to resupply."
Going in to a trail town is another way.
Downside to that is you're going to have to take what is local so if you have specific dietary needs then you may want to use the mailing option.
"If you have any questions, give your local outfitter a howler."
"What that means is you're going to have to have a pack that can carry heavier loads, but if you're able to go into town, say go to the grocery store and buy more food, then you can carry less food and just resupply as you go along."
The Appalachian Trail is a trail that you can do that.
"Hike for a little bit, go into town, get some more food."
Here's a couple of books put out by the Appalachian Trail Conservancy: A Thru-Hikers Planning Guide and A Thru-Hikers Companion.
These two books are nice in helping you plan your hike.
"It talks a little bit about how to set up a post office drop, you can actually mail yourself some stuff, go to a local trail town's post office and come in and say, ""Hi, I'm so and so, I need to pick up a package for a thru-hiker,"" and they'll hand it to you."
"There's a technique called bump boxes where you, if you know what?s in that box and you don't need it, you can actually bump it to the next trail town, and then you don't have to pay extra postage as long as you don't open the box, you just say I want to bump this to the next place and give them the address."
These books will list the addresses for all the post offices all along this particular trail.
"Hi, today, we're going to draw on coquille board."
"On this one, it's a little bit more advanced."
The black's the most important one.
I've got a gum eraser or some people call it a kneaded eraser.
And I've got two rulers.
"I've got a clear measurement ruler and, well, I guess every ruler is a measurement ruler but you can see the measurements through and then this is just a regular metal ruler with a cork bottom."
I've got an electric pencil sharpener and I've got an Exacto blade to cut the board out when we get to that part.
"Drawing table that has a, it's basically like a cutting mat on top of the table."
It's like a self-healing mat.
"So, those are the supplies we're going to use today and I think you'll be pleased with the results."
I'm actually going to do a portrait.
A face of a woman.
"Right now, I'm just going to go over the supplies you're going to need."
"This is a sheet of coquille board, which is spelled c-o-q-u-i-l-l-e."
It's roughly five to six dollars a sheet but it's definitely worth the price.
"I've got a number two pencil, which you can find in any drawer in your house."
I've got two colored pencils.
I've got a baby blue and I've got a dark black.
Hi!
The reason I'm having Jeff stand here is because I messed this shot up once.
When I did the cue ball went flying off the table and it broke a mirror.
I really got in trouble with the management.
Jeff's going to stand there and be ready to catch the ball or absorb it into his abs in case anything were to go wrong.
"Now, I'm going to go to the other side of the table and we're going to have the shot."
"Alright, so here I am."
I'm ready to do the trick shot now.
"I got the cue ball all set up, the 8 ball is still stacked on the 1 and 9, and my buddy Jeff is making sure that the cue ball won't break anything important."
Lining it up.
With all my mite.
For my final trick shot.
Hit the 8 ball first.
How did I do it?
Pretty simple.
"You don't hit the ball really hard, you don't break a mirror, but when you hit the cue ball, just make sure it's going to go towards the 8 and half way there, give the table a little bump."
"The 8 ball will fall down, cue ball hits the 8 ball, everyone laughs, buys you drinks, and the mayor will hand you the key to the city."
This is probably the most impressive one that I've got.
What I got here is I've got the one ball and the 9 ball holding up the 8 ball.
How did I do that?
"Take your hand, hold the 2 balls against the rail, just kind of hammer them down a little bit, rest the 8 ball on top of them, and let go."
"Now, the object of this shot is I'm going to hit the 8 ball with the cue ball without hitting the 1 or the 9."
"It takes a lot of strength, it takes a lot of agility and for the person standing here, it takes a lot of guts."
"Alright Jeff, I want you to come here and stand right where I'm standing."
Let's talk about managing your cat's bladder infection.
A bladder infection is diagnosed at your veterinary clinic.
"Once they've seen a urinalysis and can determine if there's an infection present, then generally antibiotics are going to be needed to treat them."
"There are a couple of important things to think about when we are dealing with infections in cats, especially."
When we are dealing with males.
That's good.
On the smaller pieces you can do the whole thing but on a larger piece you might want to do a little section at a time.
Okay now I think oh always have to keep these going back to its position.
"Good, I think all the little joints are fluxed now."
So we will move on the next step which is to drop beads of solider onto it.
Hi I'm Jay French from jayfrenchstudios.com and I'm going to teach you how to draw a dragon.
"Well of course from our starting point, there are essentially, it boils down to three types of dragons."
Toes are usually done very bird like as opposed to reptilian.
"Although you can go both ways, again if you look at the claws on a rafter such as an eagle, and you look at the claws on a Komodo dragon or other large lizard, monitor lizard, or even some dinosaur bones, you'll find the talons very similar."
"Long serpentine neck, and I've got this one curving around on itself, and of course you're going to want a tail."
"This is also again, good looking monitor lizards for references and dinosaurs, dinosaur restructures or bones."
"And of course the really tricky part, the head."
And this can be done a lot of ways and however you like.
"I tend to like the very sleek look to dragons, where they have a very pointed muzzle and a little more serpentine."
"Probably again there is a lot of influence on, on monitor lizards here, Komodo dragons and the like."
I have and affection for doing pupilless on dragons to make them look more mystical.
"But if you're wanting something that looks more like a real animal, then you might want to do snake like slitted pupils."
"You have the Asian serpentine dragon which are long, they have no wings, short legs, mostly like a snake, you have a Wyvern style which is much like a bat where the forelegs are the wings."
I tend to give two very big horns.
But you can do it as a single big horn or no horns at all.
Some extra wings around the jaw line gives a nice touch.
And then a good series of ridges that start maybe at the brow ridge or even at the tip of the nose.
"Go all the way down, this guy's twisting his neck so we're going to come back around here, with the largest across the back and go all the way down the tail."
"Again, look at some dinosaur shots for more ideas on this."
And then we have our wings.
Wings basically follow a bat wing.
"They have an elbow and then essentially fingers, all stem from the same spot."
Again this is a good way to get it to look more like a real animal that way.
"But we have our very fun, what we're going to do here today, is the fore legged mythological, where they're all mythological, four legged and winged dragon."
"You can do dragon wings just about anyway you want really, but they're depicted lots of different ways."
And that's your basic lesson in how to draw a dragon.
"Think of a basic lizard shape, your body, we can start with the rib cage and sort of a couple of ovals."
We have the rib cage and then we have the hind quarter.
"You always have a long serpentine neck, put a lot of curvature in to it for drama."
"We're going to get some sharp angles, again for dramatic effect."
"You want some photo sources, look up some pictures of Komodo dragons and other types of lizards, they give you some good ideas and how to do some of the body part shapes."
"Such as the any, just about any four legged creature has very long front legs, long and straight whereas there's a lot more, a lot more joints to the back leg."
"When it comes to running in a competition, you may want to wear a wristwatch: you can time yourself, maybe check your breathing, just kind of keep things on a safe level."
"If you find that your results are pretty good and you are like in a situation then, by all means go for the competition."
"But, if you find your results are way negative and not even close to theirs, you may want to practice a little bit more before you decide to put yourself in that competition."
"You got to remember, when it comes to competition, you'll always want to keep going."
"Even if it is a slow jog, a fast jog, something, just keep moving constantly."
"Now when it comes to running in a competition, you might find that throughout your run you want to throw in a sprint, because when you throw in a sprint you got certain type of mobilizers within your body that are meant for sprinting."
"It builds up those amino's, makes you faster, it is better overall."
"After you throw in a sprint, just go to a slow jog to a fast jog go back down, but always keep running; don't stop."
"So okay I run for this long this many hours, this many minutes, you go ahead and time your self put on a wrist watch or get someone to hold a stopwatch for you, but go ahead maybe put on some type of distance, and say I'm going to run this far and run that distance and know how well you do."
"You can slowly expand on that, and if you are trying to do a specific kind of competition, go ahead and see what those requirements are for that competition, speed is, how fast people usually do things and how do they feel afterwards."
"Just kind of what there strategies are and go ahead, and compare your results and their results."
In this clip we're going to make a pattern for our eye mask.
Always remember when you are making patterns or cutting out patterns to have a separate scissors you can use just for paper.
Cause you don't want to use the fabric scissors.
We'll go ahead and see this is a little bit to straight so we're going to go ahead and clean that line up just a little.
Once you have your paper pattern we're ready to transfer this onto our fabric and cut it out.
I already have a eye mask it's just a plain kind of boring one that I bought at a eye mask store.
"So I'm just going to use this as a template but if you don't have a sleeping mask basically you want something that's an oval shape about 6"" wide."
You want a place cut out for your nose so you basically make a long oval and then we're going to cut out for the nose.
So I'm just going to bring this to my paper and then I'm going to go ahead and trace it.
You just go ahead and trace it we're going to lift up the little nose guard part and come back down.
This doesn't has to be exact cause we're going to clean it up when we cut it out.
I actually want mine to come down a little further so I'm just going to go ahead and free hand it.
What you do when you are actually free handing something is you go ahead and just fold it in half and then we'll cut it out so the other side is the exact same shape.
"Before you start with your spray tan, you want to make sure that your area is completely covered or protected."
"If you're doing this at home, maybe do it in the shower or even outside for that matter, in the middle of a large area, maybe not, definitely not on a carpeted area or anywhere where there's fabric."
Maybe lay plastic or old towel.
"Here we have everything covered with plastic so it's totally protected and whatever is not covered can be mopped, cleaned, it comes clean, it's just a matter of cleaning."
"I always wear gloves when I'm doing, when you're the one doing the spray tan."
"If you're spraying yourself, maybe wear gloves until the last minute."
"Make sure you have Kleenex nearby because if there's any drips, you want to make sure you get those up immediately."
"Make sure your area is pay close attention to make sure that anything that is absorbent, fabrics are your biggest thing that the spray would absorb to."
"Your can sprays that you buy in a store also have the same DHA active ingredient but it's not the strength, like a prescription strength like what we use here."
"So it probably will come out of your fabrics a little easier but again, make sure you're spraying in an area that is nonporous, would be the best way to put that."
"Alright, now we want to look at the political environment."
"Now, what we're talking about when we're talking about politics, or political environment, are they Democrat?"
"Did they grow up in a very strict, staunch Republican household and so because of that now they're a very, very liberal Democrat?"
Or vice a versa.
How does their political stance help determine who they are and how you are going to play them.
Are they Republican?
"Are they, you know, in what extreme of what party are they?"
"Are they, you know, staunch Republicans?"
"Are they very, very liberal Democrats?"
"And, or are they anything?"
"Maybe they have no political party affiliation, they're not interested in politics, they could care less about politics."
Or maybe politics is their life.
"What role does politics play in their life now in this moment, as well as how they were growing up."
"We're continuing on the lips right now, this is really the lipstick application, we had put the lip liner on before."
I like taking the lipstick off of the tube with my spatula that way I don't get the tube dirty or anything and the lipstick last for a long time.
"Then using my lip brush I'm going to completely my brush with the lipstick and make sure that it's like it's smoothly in there, there's no little bumps of lipstick on it and once you have it charged up we're going to go in and we're going on to Amelia's lips."
"We're going to have her open up just a little bit, we're going to go in and starting on the bottom."
We're going to come up and right when we get to the arch we're really going to twist the brush in our hand and that's how we can get that nice bow in her lip.
"This side, twist and connect and do the same thing on the bottom lip and the other one."
You got her lips and then just fill them in.
It's a great lipstick application technique.
"So now in the same with the forward in same position we want to move it up just a little bit and where the upper ridges are now are in the kidney, meridian area and in this position, it actually stimulates the kidney and the kidney meridian."
You can do this with your knees raised to your chest or with your body flat.
"This gives you a beneficial massage to the kidney area, the kidneys are a really important part of the body and health."
It really relaxes the lower back and makes everything loosen up doing this position with the spine aligner.
"ALVIN DEDEAUX: Now, as soon as you decide how you're going to grip the rod, whether it's over hand with the thumb on top or with the index finger on top, the next thing you want to do is to trap that line and that's very important."
You wanna--line control is always very important.
"That's where it starts, is with trapping that line."
"If you're using the thumb-on-top grip, basically just use your index finger and trap that line there, or if you're using the index finger on top, you can grab it with that next finger."
Some people will actually grab it with two fingers if they're using the thumb-on-top grip.
That's perfectly acceptable; whatever is most comfortable for you.
"But it's really important to grab that line, to anchor that line to the handle of the rod for a lot of different reasons."
"But you know for stripping line and for casting, whatever you're doing, it's important to have that line anchored right there."
"No movement between here and here, just nice and tight."
"CLANCY ROSE: So, here is your grinder and you are going to fill up the hopper with the coffee."
"The beans are going to flow down here, get ground in the machine, they are going to be--they are going to flow into the dosing chamber."
You have a lever here on this side of the dosing chamber to move the coffee out of the dosing chamber and then later into your porter filter.
One of the things that you are going to have to do is find the right espresso grind.
"Like on this machine, a lot of the times it is going to be marked right here on the grinder, and like this one says counterclockwise to make the coffee more fine and clockwise to make the coffee more coarse."
"What these adjustments do is the finer that you grind the coffee, the more resistance it has on the water that is passing through it while it is brewing and the shot of espresso is going to pour slower."
When the coffee is ground more coarse the coffee--the water passes through it a lot easier and the shot is going to pour a lot faster.
These are things that are going to affect the taste of your espresso a lot and you are going to want to find the time that your particular coffee taste the best and play around with the grind adjustment.
My name is Deanna Gutierrez and I'm a high school teacher in San Jose.
Some of the pros of being a high school teacher are your emotional commitment to your students and the incredible rewards that you get when they succeed.
You do have summer vacations and your day technically ends at 3:00 but what they don't tell you is you will be most likely bringing work back.
Grading either in your classroom or at home.
And you will be working on the weekends.
"But it will be, hopefully, a labor of love."
And the last con would be the administrative red tape and dealing with principals and maybe co-teachers that don't share the same vision you do and just being true to yourself and to your students.
My name is Deanna Gutierrez and I'm a high school teacher in San Jose.
Also summer vacation.
Everybody knows teachers love this and also the opportunity to be your own boss.
In your classroom you rule and that is a great plus.
And you can tailor the curriculum usually to fit your talents and the way that the information will come easiest to your students.
Some of the cons of the profession are the salary.
Especially if you have a family.
Living on a teachers salary can be challenging.
Another drawback is the long hours.
"We've already gone over how a cup should fit, how a band should fit and the purpose of your strap."
But what we haven't gone over is that every company makes their bras differently.
A 28 E is an American DD.
"So in America an E is the same as a UK F. And it just keeps going that way, so it's always good to ask for help because otherwise you'll just make yourself crazy."
"For example, this company is called Natori, and they make a bra that is wider in the wire and shallow in the cup."
"So while this bra is a 32 D, it's not for a D-cup who is fuller this way; it's for somebody who's more spread out this way."
"And also, this company makes a very stretchy band, so if you find out that well you've been wearing a 34 inch band for years and years and years then you should be wearing a 32."
This is a great bra to start transitioning with because it stretches out a little bit quicker than others do.
Another example is this company called Freya.
"Freya is a UK company, and they specialize in bras for women with bigger cup sizes, and smaller band sizes."
"So, for example, if you know somebody who measures 26 inches around and is really busty on top, they might wear a 28 G. And they could get that from Freya."
"UK sizing is a little different, so when you're in the store and you see numbers, ask for help."
Right now we are at a big kick in this country to try to get our kids back into boosters.
Parents have used car seats for so long they are so anxious to get there kids out of boosters seats but there is truly not a kinder gardener out there that doesn't need a booster seat and probably most of the first graders out there need them.
The law would be changing very soon to require boosters seats to 8 years old and most booster seats goes to 80 and 100 pounds most of them now go to a 100 pounds.
So we are going to show you a 5 step test and this is what you do in your vehicle to know when your child should actually not need a booster anymore.
You can't really go by age or weight guidelines so much anymore because seats are so different from vehicle to vehicle.
For example this seat is out of a Chevy silverado this is the same kind of seat that you would find in a suburban or a Yukon as a very long base.
It would very say a child that fits in a compact car or something geometry or a cooper a mini cooper it may have a very small seat base.
They would fit fine and they wont fit in here so it is going to very from vehicle to vehicle you got to do this test for the child in the vehicle that you are going to put the child in.
The next step before you actually apply the acrylic is to just go back and double check everything you've done.
"You want to make sure that the nails have been roughed up, that you've applied the tips and that they're not hanging off the side."
"The reason for double checking the tips, especially is if they are too wide, when you put the acrylic on, eventually that acrylics going to lift."
You want to make sure that it doesn't lift.
Lifting can cause moisture to get in and can cause mold.
"You just want to make sure that you don't have any cuticle left on the nail, again, because that could lead to some lifting issues."
"If you see anything that you need to get off, just go back and get it off."
"You just want to double check before you start so that you don't have any problems later on in the process, as you go."
"Once you make sure you have everything correct, you can start your acrylic application, but it's definitely good to make sure you've put on the bond aid, you've put on the primer, that you have all of your steps completed, and this is how you double check the work you've just done."
MIKE LOPEZ: Hi.
It has stars for power and toughness ought to be.
"So again, this means that something on the card is going to tell you what these equal."
"This creature has flying, which means they can only be blocked by flying creatures and/or creatures with reach and ""Nightmare's"" cool power is that its power and toughness are equal to each of the number of swamps you control, which means that if you have 6 swamps, if you play this with all black mana, then you at least have a 6/6 creature with flying, which means your mana production is perfectly equal for this card, and/or you could play this card in any multicolored deck, and you could still get pretty much even mana production as long as you have enough swamps to put enough power and toughness on them."
"Also, this goes up every time you have a swamp so this has unlimited potential."
It's a very powerful card.
"And now I'm going to discuss ""Nightmare""."
"""Nightmare"" is a very powerful card out of the black color."
It is a rare from the basic set.
It has always been a rare and it has been around for a long time.
"So again, we have creature ""Nightmare"", which means it is a nightmare creature that gets benefits for anything that benefits nightmares."
"""Nightmare"" cost you 5 and a black, which means its converted mana cost is 6."
"This means that you're getting a very big creature or a very cool creature, in which case this is both."
"So again, as you see down here, ""Nightmare"" does not have power and toughness."
"Alright, the next shot you want to learn is your snap shot."
"Basically, it's the difference between a wrist shot and a slap shot."
"It's not too difficult, but, again, the same thing, the same thing as a wrist shot, pretty much, just the extra snap."
It's kind of in between there of what you're going to do.
"For a snap shot, just like the wrist shot, you're going to plant yourself, put a little bend in your knees."
Get your hands on your stick.
You can stick handle.
"And then all you're going to do is you're going to pull it back, just like the wrist shot, but then you're going to pull all of your weight back on to the back foot, and then you're going to transfer your weight on to the front foot."
"But this time with the stick, you're going to actually snap it, you're going to snap the stick and follow through."
"And sometimes that gives you a little bit harder shot than your wrist shot, your typical wrist shot."
And that's pretty much a snap shot.
"Today, in this segment of bar tools, I'm going to discuss the bar spoon."
"Now, your bar spoon is a long spoon, it's twisted in the center."
The other example that I'm going to show you is layering your drinks.
"You're going to want to start with your shot glass, obviously and from that point, you're going to take your first liqueur, this is a Butterscotch Schnapps."
And we're going to pour about halfway up.
"From that point, you're going to take your bar spoon and your next, which is going to be Bailey's Irish Creme, and you're going to just want to penetrate the surface of whatever your first or base alcohol is and pour the second one directly on top of the spoon, like such."
"And see how it gives you a really nice, distinct, separated layer there."
"So, those are the uses of your bar spoon."
Always recommend having this behind the bar and take good care of it.
"It may or may not have an end, like such."
This is a flat circular end.
There's a lot of uses for this.
"Most common, basically stirring your drinks, layering shots or Martinis and scraping out all that ice at the bottom of the blender."
"So, really quickly, first use that I explained was stirring your drinks."
"When this is filled with ice and all of your contents, you're just going to place the spoon in like that to the bottom, and just stir it."
"And what this does, it allows you to prevent bruising your drink."
It's just a different method of mixing your ingredients as opposed to shaking.
So this is a Modified Hand To Big Toe Pose.
You can use a wall for balance.
"Again, feel that strength building in through your right leg, also stretching the hamstrings of the left leg."
"Stability, concentration and balance."
And gently release.
"So, beginning in Mountain Pose, feeling the roots of your feet, they being extended to the earth."
"Align the spine, lift the rib cage, lift the crown of the head towards the sky."
"Now, getting balance on your right foot, planting all four corners of that foot down into the earth."
And now lift up the left leg.
Now I'm noticing I need to hop a little bit forward to be able to reach this leg.
So that's fine if you do that as well.
"So holding on to your big toe with your index and your middle foot, and; your, no not your index and middle foot, your, your fingers."
"And then reach that leg out, draw the chest back, breathe, chin parallel to the earth."
"This Koshinage, or hip throw, is going to be from a hook strike, or Yokimunuchi."
Daniel's going to blast me to the side of the head.
"Now he's already bleeding out, there's nowhere for that foot to go, I can draw him into my hips."
"Here, I've trapped."
"It's here, he's trapped."
Now we'll go ahead and get on the hip.
"Here I am, locked up in the hip; he's already falling, put my hip into it, over we go."
Let's do that one more time.
"Blending with it, hooking the hip."
"That's Koshinage, the hip throw, from a hook strike, Yokimunuchi."
"This is a very dynamic Kushinage, because I have to blend with the oncoming strike, and time myself so I can end up on his hip at the same time."
So you need to end up in here.
What I'm going to do is come in and dominate here.
"He's already spinning in this motion, so all I need to do is plant my hip there and draw him over."
"Here, here's my hip, I'm already in position, and away we go."
There's a couple tricky things about this.
"Is when I do this, I don't want to step way out here, because I'm really out of center."
"I only want to step, here, almost stepping on his foot, that allows me to get good position."
"Hi name is Scott and I'm the owner of Climb On indoor rock climbing gym in Wilmington, North Carolina."
Today we are going to discuss rock climbing techniques.
So what I'm going to do is push up with my legs and try to keep my arms straight.
"Sometimes there is nothing to stand on so you might have to do what's called a smear, which is actually just using the wall for your feet to walk up."
Other techniques might be stemming out to use another wall for balance for your leg.
These techniques are all things that can be learned at your local indoor rock climbing gym by a qualified professional.
Rock climbing is dangerous so we do ask that you go get instruction.
This has been rock climbing technique.
Technique is very important in rock climbing to keep you on the wall and climbing efficiently.
These are things that you can learn at your local indoor rock climbing gym.
"Some of the things that you might learn to begin with would be to keep your arms straight while you climb, and not bent."
"The more you keep your arms in to your body, the more fatigued your muscles are going to become."
So when we are climbing we try to keep our arms as straight as we can while we climb.
The other technique that you might learn is footwork.
Footwork is extremely important in rock climbing.
"You don't want to have to do a hole bunch of pull ups, you really want to use your feet to balance."
"For our meerkats, we're going to have to take it in two different steps."
"First off, we need to paint the rockery, and we're going to need to let that dry, and then we'll paint the meerkats on top of it."
"So again, just keep expanding up from the central area, and once you get towards the top of the rocks, like up in here, you may choose to like get a, you know, a smaller brush to get more of the detail on here."
"Usually the rocks are a little bit bumpy and lumpy, so actually, unlike most of the rest of the painting, I find myself remaining comfortable with a bigger brush, even towards a lot of the edges."
"Now you could actually get up here higher, where you start getting into the feet in the meerkat details."
"I may go down a brush to make sure I don't accidentally paint over the feet, cause I only want to be, make sure I can still see those lines when I do move to paint the meerkats later on."
"So you're going to continue this throughout, and you're going to let it dry, and then we're also going to add in some pink highlights, which I will demonstrate next."
"So, let's get our paint ready, and we're going to start filling in this area."
"So let's dip our brush in and get a nice big dollop of paint; making sure that the paint's not dripping too much from off off the brush, or at least you have a good drop cloth down."
"If you're kind of sick and tired of some of the detail work we've been doing, the rocks are very excellent therapy, cause' we're just going to basically plaster this with a nice matte; very, very light brown, maybe a touch of purple and pink in here, with some pink-red highlights to basically, kind of go back over the edges."
"I'm not even worried too much about the rocks shape at this point, because they'll be very easy to rediscover underneath the paint."
"Of course, you can leave these a little bit thinner if you're worried about making sure the, where the lines are."
"Otherwise, just go to town and slop it on."
Make a nice thick coat.
"We're going to try to definitely avoid having to put on two coats here, because you don't have to do a lot of the detail work which can make the paint smear."
"So from here, once you have the feet and the legs aligned, same thing as the standing pose, you will move the left hip forward and the right hip back, pressing into the rear heel."
Keep the forward knee right over the ankle.
"Notice the support you have the support of the chair, but also notice the support as you press into your legs."
Notice the flexibility this is bringing into your hips and your shoulders as you come up into your version of supported verbadrasana 1.
"Either temple pose or ""V"" for victory pose."
"Shoulders move down and back, crown lifts, the chin is leveled."
All the energy is coming right on up the inhale and you can drop down a little more on the exhale.
"Really rely on the support of the chair here, even though you feel your feet and your legs supporting you."
"Let the chair support you, particularly if you have knee injuries or hip issues."
That's what this is for.
"Hi I'm Kim with Simply Beautiful in Austin, Texas. We're going to talk about how to get rid of dark spots on your skin."
"She doesn't have very much in the way of dark spots, but we're going to show it to you anyway."
"So we're just going to take a little bit, we're going to put it on a Q-tip, you can use it on your finger easy enough."
"I'll do it with my finger, or Q-tip."
And we're just going to rub it on the dark spot.
Just apply it to the dark spot.
That's all it takes.
"I want you to know the more often you do this, if you do it once a day, you'll get great results."
"If you do it twice a day, you'll get better results."
The most important thing I want you to know is that you must wear sunscreen.
Because if we're going to lighten the dark spots then you got to keep a sunscreen on so they don't come back.
We're going to focus on your face because this is where the areas that women are most concerned about.
"So it's two prong, keep your skin clean, well moisturized, use a spot treatment, Clarins has a great one, Lancome has a great one, there's one called Ambi that you can get in the drug store and that comes for oily skin or dry skin, and get that sunscreen on there."
At least a 30 because it means you're prone to sun damage.
"Dark spots aren't really necessarily a result of age, it has to do with skin damage from the sun."
I want you to know there's lots of products out there that can work.
"From very, very expensive to great drug store brands, it's just a matter of what you're budget level is and what you're comfortable with."
There's spot treatments.
There's stuff that you can put all over your whole skin.
I'm going to recommend to you that you just do a spot treatment.
I'm going to demonstrate on Megan's skin.
"Hello, this is JB."
"I am with the Austin Homebrew Supply in Austin, Texas."
"Generally, in beer making there's two stages that you'll take these readings."
"One of which is when you're steeping the grain at the first part of the, of the brewing process."
You need to make sure that you achieve particular temperatures.
This will help you to make sure that you're not too hot or too cool.
There's one other stage that you want to use this at.
It's right before you pitch the yeast in to it.
You've got to make sure that your beer is not too hot.
If you put the living yeast in to too hot of an environment it'll kill the yeast.
"So, thermometer's come in handy for beer making."
Comes in a fahrenheit and centigrade scale.
Today we are discussing beer making equipment and wine making equipment.
Most folks in America talk fahrenheit.
"So, this is our floating thermometer, our basic one."
It's about a seven dollar thermometer.
We also have one that's a very fast reader.
We call it the lab thermometer.
"It doesn't float, but it reads real quickly, so you immerse it in to the liquid and get a reading with in maybe fifteen seconds or so."
"And then the lastly we have our dial type thermometer, which has a little clip on the side of it."
"You could put it on the side of a kettle and monitor the temperature inside of the either wort, or when you're actually taking your temperature right before you pitch the yeast."
"So, a few different types of thermometer's that you can use in brewing."
"We're going to talk about thermometers right now, which is more applicable to beer than wine, although some people will take, use high, use a thermometer for wine making."
It's generally more applicable to beer making.
"But, none-the-less, we sell a different, a few different varieties of thermometers."
I'll just show you three different varieties here to start out with.
Our standard on is a floating thermometer.
It's going to come with our deluxe beer equipment kits.
"And these guys simply, you just drop them in to whatever liquid you're trying to get the temperature of."
ALVIN DEDEAUX: So the basic tools you're going to need.
"Hemostats, those are good for mashing down the barbs on your hooks, also good for grabbing a hook and getting it out of fish's mouth, and these have a nice little feature here that you can actually mash the split shot down with."
Another real nice thing to have is a hook sharpener for obvious reasons; you want to keep that hook sharp.
"This one's cool 'cause it's made out of a ceramic material, so it won't rust, and I've had that one for years and it's been in saltwater, it's been in fresh water, and it still keeps my hooks nice and sharp."
"As far as tools go, that's your basics."
"There's a lot of other stuff you can have pliers, pocket knife, but if you got clippers and hemostats, hook sharpener, that should get you by."
"They come in all different sizes and shapes, bigger ones, longer ones, some of them are brightly colored, some of them are colored, anodized like a matte black so they don't reflect light."
"There's just different hemostats for different finger sizes, you name it."
"Another really important tool and a kind of a must-have tool is your clippers obviously for clipping the line, if you add and tip it or you got a knot and you need to cut your leader to retie it, you want to have clippers."
Another thing that's important on your clippers is this little needle.
This one actually has a retractable needle.
"That's really good, like say you've got the eye of your flies all gunked up."
"Sometimes when they tie them, they'll have an extra paint or glue covering the eye and you can use that needle to poke out the eye."
"Also if you get a tangle, you can actually use that needle to stick in there and kind of untangle the knot you have in your line."
So we've got our three pound ball of clay.
"You want to slap it, really hard, down onto the wheel head, take your left hand and your left arm, put your body weight into it, lean it against the wheel head."
"You want to lean your body weight, have it all the way through, to the heel of your hand, your left hand is not going to move very much, your right hand, you're going to use to bring the clay towards your left hand."
"You do want your sponge to be wet, not so wet that it's dripping but wet enough that if you squeeze it, water will come out and you just give it a little squeeze, with your hand, any time you need more lubrication."
"Make a fist and push down, all the while, your left hand is just serving as support."
"It's not really doing anything but keep the clay, on center."
"You push down, into the center a little bit, with that fist that you've made and once you've made the well here, you want to check the depth, with your needle tool."
"For a berry bowl, you probably want, that's about an inch and that's probably about right because we're going to have a trimmed foot on there, so you need to leave room for that."
"Next, we'll pull the walls."
"So, as we drop into this dragon position, a lot of whether your foot is flat on the floor is going to depend on your ankle flexibility."
Many people don't have the flexibility to be able to put their heel flat on the floor in this position.
"So, it's perfectly fine to keep that ankle bent up to whatever angle you need to in order to maintain this position."
"The ankle is not necessarily important, it's keeping the body sunk down over the leg, which is important, wherever your ankle manages to be in that position is fine."
"That being said, the more you can draw your heel down to the floor and sink forward, the more you're going to be gaining flexibility in the ankle and that's going to help your martial arts training, especially when we're doing kicks and using darthaflexion and Plantar flexion for thrusting forward"
"Chopping is another sort of a stroke that we can use on the horse's, this one in particular you have to be careful where you are using it."
"It is just what it sounds like, it's like a karate chop sort of a thing, I guess."
"And you hold your hand this way, the fingers closed and you are actually striking the horse with the side of your hand."
And you can use a fair amount of pressure when you are doing this.
You really want to be careful and be paying attention to what you are doing.
"Watch your horse for signs of reaction, watch your horse for flinching and be feeling with your hand while you are doing it."
"Watch your horse is doing, how, what their reaction is to it."
"If they start to duck away from what you are doing and you need to back off, perhaps that's an area where you should be using a different sort of a stroke."
"But again you want to keep your fingers closed, use the sides of your hand and just use light moderate and heavy pressure."
And be careful where you're using that sort of a stroke.
Our next stretch is going to be a side stretch.
Let's go ahead and taking the hands by your side and stretching one side at a time we'll start with the right side inhaling up with the right arm.
"Elbow comes closer to the floor, hand reaches closer to the ceiling and to the side."
"And again, ideally, your hand and your gaze is up at your hand."
If it hurts your neck you can keep your head center even to the floor.
Deep breath inhale lift.
Exhale stretching a little bit deeper.
And last breath in.
Exhale slowly when you get back to center.
"Just relaxing your hands in your lap, you can close your eyes if you like, and just feeling the affects of the stretch."
Then you exhale and slowly take it over to the side.
You like to look up at your hand as you're stretching feeling it stretch and deepening the stretch along your side.
"This bottom hand, every exhalation the elbow getting closer to the floor."
"So as you inhale you lift, exhale dropping closer to the floor reaching the hand up towards the ceiling farther along to the side of the wall."
Inhale and exhale stretching deeper.
The next exhale you'll slowly bring it back to center and then do the same thing on the other side.
Deep breath inhale left arm comes up and then exhale slowly taking it over.
Inhale and then exhale.
"And today, we are going to be doing a method or a technique called a stepping stone."
"They are strong enough to step on, like I said, but people think they're too pretty to step on."
So don't worry about it.
I'm going to show you what to do and have fun with it.
"So what we're going to do, we actually need a mold."
These are called stepping-stone molds.
"They come in a variety of sizes and, of course, they're available at your local stained glass store."
"So anyway, they are fairly expensive, I think, but as far as many stones that you can get them, they're actually worth every penny."
"In fact, they turn out to be quite cheap at that point."
"So anyway, find a size you like or start with a pattern first."
So check it out on the next step.
"And what we're going to do is we're going to be using art glass and/or stained glass for the surface of the stone, and then it's going to be poured with a bunch of grout."
"Believe it or not, these things are incredibly durable."
"In fact, not only durable, they're heavy."
"So anyway, they are for your flower beds, your walkways, your--people even keep them in the house."
"They're so pretty. They are strong enough to step on. They're strong enough for water. They're going to make it through the seasons, if you do the couple of techniques to make it help--last through the ages."
First I want to tell you what the purpose is of preparing your platform statement.
When most young ladies enter a pageant they are required to have a platform.
"And a platform can consist of something that you believe in very strongly, it can consist of something, say an organization that you've been a part of for a long time."
But it is a purpose for which you have that you want to represent if you win the title of the pageant.
And I'm going to talk about how to prepare the platform statement that you're going to turn into the judges so that they can read this about you and determine whether or not your platform is strong enough to support your pageant title.
"One of the main reasons that you need a platform is during the course of the pageant at some point you're going to have to get, introduce yourself on stage and tell everyone what your platform is."
So I'm going to demonstrate that now.
Good evening.
I'm Erica Saylors and my platform is prevention of elderly neglect.
"At home, if you're doing one or two loaves and you want to use an old fashioned method, you just have to knead it by hand."
"Knead by hand, until you have the window, that's a very good question."
"I don't think, at home, you can really mess it up, by over mixing it."
"It's best to watch it and just make sure the ingredients are mixed properly, without being over mixed."
"If you over mix it, your cookies will run."
"If you over mix your muffin, your muffin will run because what happens is, you will incorporate so much air in it, that the air, in there, will bubble up and make the cookie and the muffin, run."
"Now, what is a window?"
Let me show you what a window is.
"A window is when you pack the dough and you stretch it out and the dough becomes so smooth, this is what you call a window."
"Where you stretch your dough, until it becomes thin and when you hold it, up to the light, you can see the light come through it, without getting torn and without getting tears in it or without getting holes in it, that's when your dough is ready."
"So, at home, when you knead it, you have to knead it enough."
"Every so often, take a piece of it, look for your window and if you have your window, your dough is ready."
So that's one way to do it.
"As well as mixing the cookie dough and muffin dough, you have to be careful not to over mix anyway."
Let's add a Hip Slide to our Choo Choo Shimmy.
So let's review the hip slide real quickly.
So side and side.
Keep your body in the center and let your hips go on either side of you.
Watch those ankles that they stay press in toward each other.
Where's your belly button?
Make sure its touching your spine.
"Lift your chest, breath."
Make sure everything is in its right place.
And keep those hips moving nice and evenly.
You can do this best by practicing in the mirror.
Feet are slightly apart.
"Make sure your knees are just soft, bring your belly button in, lift your chest and these hips are going to slide just outside of your body line."
"If you imagine keeping your head right in the center, the hips are going to slide on either side of that."
And then we're going to keep pressing them down so that they stay parallel to the floor as much as possible.
Good.
"Now, let's get our choo choo shimmy going."
"Up on relevee, pull those hips in toward the rib cage."
Now we're going to be shifting our weight during our choo choo shimmy and we're going to be using our hips and side muscles to press the hips side to side.
"Today, we are going to learn how to make gourmet coffee in your home."
And there you are.
It's basically like a hot chocolate except it's going to be Irish cream flavored.
"Remember though, if you are going to make something with fruit flavors to cut it with vanilla, or if you have like a thick syrup like chocolate, you can cut it with that, too."
It's not going to curdle.
"And that is how you make an Irish cream steamer, also known as the cream of steamer."
All right.
"In this clip, I'm going to explain to you real quickly how to make an Irish cream steamer."
This is basically just going to be the steamed milk and then your flavor.
"It sounds really, really fancy but it's not."
"If you have like kids in the house or people who don't like coffee, this is a great drink to make because it doesn't have espresso."
"All right, we got our milk steamed."
"What we're going to do, we got our sugar for the Irish cream."
"One, two, three pumps."
"SAL COLLURA: Okay, now that we've gone through the days of the week, I'd like to get specific for certain events."
Let's start with road racing.
"Okay, so hit the hill as hard as you possibly can in the biggest gear you can."
"Either you're turning around and coming back downhill, or if you can make a loop out of it, but you need a few minutes, less than 10, of recovery."
So you get a couple of 3 minutes of just recovery.
You're not going hard.
"You're panting, you're breathing, you're getting over what you just did, then you're going to do it again."
"And I recommend, with hill repeats you're going to hit that thing, five, six, seven times."
"If it's early, early spring, you're not going to be able to do it as much."
"If you're to the point where you're getting in shape, maybe you can hit that thing 10 times, and you know what?"
That's your workout for the day.
"It's hard, it's going to hurt, but you're done."
"So if you're training specifically for road racing, I would take that week and add the following things."
"At the end of that 10 times, you can just noodle home, take an easy ride to recover."
But it's those really hard efforts and it can be short.
"You know, a mile hill isn't going to take you very long if you're going full speed, but it's that extreme effort that's really training your body."
"You're getting your heart rate up, you're opening up those lungs, and you're building big muscles in your legs, pushing up that hill."
"And the other thing I would add for training for road racing is do a little bit of that base miles training where you're at 75%, 80%, 90% of your max for an extended period of time, and maybe you're doing that on your Wednesday."
Let's say you're doing 2 1/2 to 3 hours.
"Well, keep it at a point where you're not really comfortable."
"You're just out of your comfort range, but you're doing it for extended periods of time."
"And, again, not going 100%, you'll be able to extend that longer, and that's good training for you to keep in that training zone for a good 3 hours, and maybe that could be your Wednesday."
"I think ""hill repeats"" are an important aspect of training for road racing."
"One, most road races are going to have some kind of hill, so you are training yourself to climb hills, that's great."
"But the other thing it does, it takes you to a deeper level."
"What's going to happen is a road race, is there's going to be an attack, it's going to be strung out."
There's going to be a section of time where you're way out of your comfort zone.
"What ""hill repeats"" do is simulate that."
"So, for example, let's say you take a--let's use a 1-mile long hill."
"When you're designing stuff, remember that functionality, always comes in to play."
"Unless you're designing a couture collection, which is going to go run down the runway, and nobody's ever going to buy it, it's going to be more of a show."
"Think about functionality, and you can have functionality with good design. You can have functionality with a little bit of pizazz."
"This was from my collection, that was inspired by She-ra and I did mostly, boy shorts that were comfortable, that if you were a superhero, you can move in them."
You can go save the day.
You can go save dinner for somebody.
"It's real life level, blown up and made fantastical, but still within keeping with a set frame of reference."
"These again, boy shorts with design detail, and they have a more straight across, menswear inspired waistband, but the legs are girlier ,because they're arched up, and then I did my central panel as a design detail, and I added a band at the legs, and a band at the waist."
"Now again you're aware of your posture, you realize that your shoulders are rounded and that you need to do something about it, I got something very simple for you to do."
This is a Shoulder Elevation and Depression With Arms Overhead.
"I guarantee you, your shoulders will feel better."
"At first, it might be a little sore, but they'll feel better and they'll look better."
"Now I have to warn you that if you have a little bit of difficulty with this move, please refer to the Shoulder Elevation and Depression either with the hands by the side, or the hands in front, the arms in front before you temp this if it's a little bit challenging for you."
"But basically what this looks like is, once you're sitting on your ball, the sit bones, you're bringing your arms overhead, you're going to shrug your shoulders towards your ears with that inhalation, and then as you exhale, you're going to press down."
"And if you notice, I'm not bending my elbows."
"It's not about this, it's about the shoulder moves."
So feel like your shoulder blades is sliding up the back as you inhale and sliding down the back as you exhale.
"And you really going to make sure that you're pressing down with the shoulder blades, with the back muscles into your hips, or towards your hips, rather."
"So inhale, exhale."
"Again, this may not be the easiest thing to do if you're trying it for the first time, so refer to the clips with the hands by the side or the hands in front of you, so you can get your body used to doing this at first, and then once you master those, then you'll feel free to do this."
"Hi! I'm John with expertvillage.com and we have our light switch plate cover and it's almost finished. All we have to do is seal it. Before we seal it, we can do a couple of other things."
"You don't want to do this in the house, but we're going to do it in the house anyway because we have an art room for this stuff."
"Do it in your garage, out on the sidewalk, or whatever."
Just get something to put it on because it will over spray and get on your carpet or whatever.
Lay it on there.
We're just going to do a little bit.
"When you do it, start out here, work in."
Even strokes.
Even strokes.
The can's kind of empty.
That's okay.
"I don't want to blast it with a bunch of glitter because it's going to be in my room, but I like it."
There's a little bit on there right now.
"Let's let it dry, then we'll seal it."
We can add some paint and then let it dry and seal it. We can add some glitter. I am going to add some glitter.
"It's going to be gold. You can just get this at any craft store. Before you go ahead and spray it, shake it up real good."
"When using throw bags, you really want to use them in the right situations and often people get a little over eager and use them in appropriately."
"Whenever you are about to deploy the throw bag, you want to make sure that the person you are throwing it to, knows it's coming."
So letting them know by shouting rope nice and clearly and loudly so they can hear and you make eye contact with them is important.
You always want to make sure you are throwing the bag from an appropriate base as well.
So throwing from a kayak or a canoe where you don't have a lot of stability and you are not securely fastened to the ground is not the best idea.
"On larger rivers, occasionally it is okay to throw from a rock."
"However if you do that, that person in the water touches the end of the rope causes a lot of drag so you are going to get pulled towards them."
So you are going to get taken too and also the person you are throwing to.
You don't want to throw to someone who is panicking and thrashing around and you definitely don't want to throw to someone who is unconscious.
"Just placing a rope in the river is creating a bad situation and once it is in that moving current, it is pretty uncontrollable sometimes and it can create a worse hazard than already existed."
Hi my name is Michelle and I'm going to explain to you on how you can care for a tooth after extraction.
It is very important that when you do have a tooth extracted that you really want to avoid that area.
You want to also avoid sucking through a straw which sucking through a straw could in return cause suction which can cause a dry socket.
"Other than that you really want to follow up with your general dentist after you have an extraction, usually one to two weeks afterwards just to make sure that the area is healing correctly and that you are not going to be having any future problems with it."
Once again my name is Michelle and I just explained to you on how to care for a tooth after extraction.
"You want to avoid chewing on that side, you want to avoid messing around with it with your tongue, especially if you have any stitches in your mouth."
You really want to just take care of the area.
You want to really rinse with warm salt water rinses.
It is a great remedy.
It helps with any inflammation that you might have and it also helps with any soreness that you might have after the extraction.
"You really, if you are a smoker you really want to avoid smoking for the initial first 24 to 48 hours because if you do what happens when you do smoke is you are creating suction and you can get what we call a dry socket which is very painful."
You do not want to have that.
You also want to avoid as far as like caffeine products or any acid type foods for your gums.
"Ok, what's taking place is that when you press down the circuit switch, you're closing the switch which allows the electrons to run all the way through the wires to create this electro magnetic attraction."
You've got your nail here and you notice that this is all free standing right here.
"Now you can imagine this, using the Morse Code, say that you don't have the opportunity to use a computer on the high seas."
"You need to make an SOS signal, the best thing to do is to have flashlight, or something that flashes a light, and this is an international code, however old it may be and not in a lot of use."
That could save your life.
That could get you help.
"And I think in one of Tom Hanks in the movie or whatever, he, you've often used light to say, oh, there's a rescue plane coming on Gilligan's Island, often lighting up a bonfire that says SOS on it."
"This was the international symbol, and definitely some place that's so remote and so you're trapped some place, very interesting."
"If you use the Morse Code and used that simple SOS signal which is deet deet deet dah dah dah deet deet, somebody is going to know you're in trouble."
"You can end up being saved, or not saved if you don't learn the Morse Code."
So what you have is this creates this flow of electrons through this wire coils.
"Now, then you produce this magnetic field right in here, and thus you have the attraction."
Now you can imagine this.
"When this is done, like say this part would be in one town and then you'd have the wires running on a telegraph pole to another town."
"Now of course if somebody snipped the wires and this often happened, especially in the old western days when the natives would take it, hear noise from these tall telegraph poles and all of a sudden just snip the wires because they knew again that this contributed somehow to more white people coming into their territories, and this was something that they just obviously did not want."
"But the interesting thing about this is if you were the poor person that had the job of setting up the telegraph poles, this was a deadly job because you were definitely killed by natives."
They tried to stop you from putting these things up.
"And however it contributed to the advancement of communication where it wasn't just this little letter being delivered, it was a series of beeps and sounds coming through."
"Some of the common mistakes you may experience while learning how to do a frontside tailslide on a ledge is that you find it, once you ollie into the tailslide sometimes you don't lock in right and you find it you land about like this."
You can't tailslide that way at all.
Another problem people experience is coming out of a frontside tailslide and riding away almost straight away like a mini ramp.
What you want to do is make sure that you can control your frontside tailslide and pop out ninety degrees and even add like a little bit of an ollie or at least come out nice and level.
You don't want your tailslide to fall out and roll away even though you could.
What you want to do is put a little tap on there and get out and roll away cleanly.
You're not going to last very long on top of the ledge with your foot only there.
It's going to end up falling off.
So what you're going to want to do is to make sure you ollie high enough and land straight in the frontside tailslide and lock in the position.
This is going to get you best tailslide possible.
Another problem you may experience is a tailslide sliding out.
"When you first learn how to tailslide on a ledge, you're going to find out that maybe you're trying to push it a little too hard or maybe you put too much wax on top of the ledge."
Another thing could be that you have stickers on your tail that end up making it a little too slippery.
"So, if you start to slide out that just means you need to lean a little more far forward to hold your tailslide a little steadier and a little bit longer."
"Ok, so here once again, we're in the fairway bunker."
I've got a shot at the green with my 9 iron here.
This isn't like hitting off the nice firm ground.
So I feel pretty comfortable here and I struck that one just right and I should be all over the pin with that one.
So this shot looks harder than it is but don't get discouraged.
If you practice your fairway sand shots it's going to have a great effect on your hitting the ball off the grass also.
"Because, if you can hit out of this consistently hitting off the grass is easy."
"So what I'm going to do is I'm going to look at the green, so I'm going to take my line on this ball so I want to get parallel to the line of flight of the ball, however, there is a tendency to fade the ball when you're hitting out of sand."
"So, you might want to correct for that but you know your own game."
"So I want you to get a good solid stance, be balanced because sand is loose and you don't want to have a bad, when you take the club back you want to be in good balance."
Because bad balance you'll hit a bad shot.
Because the sand is very unforgiving.
"So that ball was pretty straight, not quite as far as I'd like."
So let's try one more here.
So when I'm on sand I do kind of move my feet a lot because I'm trying to find that perfect balance.
"My ten minutes are up, and what I'm going to do with my developer is I'm just going to pour it down the drain."
Developer and stop bath are really technically the only things you should pour down the drain.
Don't ever pour your fix down the drain.
"Once the developer is down, I'm going to take my stop bath and I'm going to pour it in the same way -I take the cap off, 90 degree angle, and pour it in."
"And again, I want to make sure I fill it up all the way to the top, put my cap back on."
"Stop bath is one minute, and for that first minute you agitate the whole minute."
"So again, kind of recap, I poured my developer down the drain when the ten minutes were up, and then I poured my stop bath in."
"I'm shaking my stop bath, figure eights, and I'm getting ready because after this I'm going to pour the stop bath down the drain, and then I'll get ready to use my fix."
Let's take our basic Egyptian Walk and travel in a circle with it.
So let's start with the footwork.
Good.
"So we're going to travel to the right, so we're going to step out with the right foot and feet together, step back with the left foot, feet together, step, together, step, together."
So we're hitting the four corners of the room.
Let's try it again.
"Ready and turn, step, together, step, hip, step, hip, step and hip."
Good.
"Try the other direction, stepping left foot."
"Left, hip, step, face the back, step, face the side and step, face forward."
Good.
"You want to make sure that everytime you turn, that your knees line up in the same direction, so that our knees aren't going in two different directions."
"Right foot, left up on toe."
You want to keep your body nice and align.
"Left, right on toe."
Make sure you're putting pressure on that ball of that foot.
"So it's going to be; step, touch, so arms just out, palms down facing away from the body."
We call this a low ibis arm.
"Step, touch, step and touch."
And as you touch you're going to lift that hip.
"Step, touch."
Next step is to put on concealer.
Now a lot of women don't realize this but when you put concealer on the eyelid and put a little bit of powder on top it keeps your eyeshadow on all day and it keeps it from creasing.
then you want to put it up over the whole lid close this is just going to even out the whole skin tone and make a beautiful pallet to start with and then on the other eye.
Tap it in.
Always make sure that everything is blended so you can take a peak and we are ready to go on to the next step.
I know I have a lot of women that say they have there mascara on running or there eyeshadow creases or this would be keep it from doing that.
When you put the concealer and the powder it keeps the oils from coming through and it will keep your mascara and keep everything in place.
Most important you definitely need to put on a eye cream.
Putting on a concealer on a dry eye is only going to make your eye look really dry because the eye would suck up the moisture from the concealer and it would start to go into the lines.
So you just put your eye cream right at the corner edge and alway tap gently with your index finger.
No rubbing or tugging or pulling on the eye.
Then you want to use a concealer about a 1/2 shade lighter and I alway recommend just brushing it on.
I recommend brushes for pretty much everything and tapping it with a finger afterwards just to smooth it out.
"KIRK VICKERS: In the fitness world and the rehab world, these physioballs have become real popular."
Some people call them Swiss balls.
We're just going to raise the leg and hold it for a 30-second count.
"If we want to make this more challenging, we can put our arms over our head and do the same thing."
"Switch legs, hold it for a 30-second count."
"For those of you that are just starting this, it might be nice to have a wall close to you or put your ball close into a corner, making sure that the ball doesn't touch the corner so you still have that stability and that movement through the ball."
But these balls are--it can be a great training tool especially when we talk about core strengthening and core stability.
"I'm going to demonstrate a movement--a fairly simple movement that you can do on this to create more stability and control through the body and through the hips and the pelvis, through that core region."
I want to set the ball down.
"A quick note, when we sit on the ball or when we're doing any seated motions on a physioball, we want to make sure that our knees are in line with our hips."
We don't want our knees too high but we don't want to let knees too low.
"As we put our feet straight out from under us and we've got this nice 90-degree angle, we should have a ball that stabilizes our hips."
It should come off straight off with the ball.
The movement that we're going to do here is we're going to activate the hip flexor and create a lot of core stability.
"In this series, I'll talk about middleweight bicycles."
A lot of people confuse middleweight bicycles with balloon tire bicycles.
The tanks are slimmer.
"The frames have thinner tubes, and are much lighter, and the gearing on the bicycle is different, than on a balloon tire bicycle."
The front chain ring on these cycles is larger.
"I'll show you how to look at that, and how you determine the general gear ratio of these cycles."
"I'll show you what manufacturers were successful, and what items were not successful."
"They use a generic term, cruiser, which could apply to a balloon tire bicycle, or a middleweight bicycle, but I'll show you the difference between the two, and what makes it a cruiser, and not a cruiser."
"I'll talk about how to identify a true middleweight bicycle, from a reproduction bicycle."
I'll talk about the design influences.
"The balloon tire bikes were designed like streamlined, art deco motorcycles."
The middleweight bicycles have more of a space age look to them.
The rear racks will be more pointed.
The headlights will be integrated.
"Usually, you have double headlights."
"And welcome, to the beautiful studios of Valley Free Radio, located in a basement."
"Anyway, we're going to show you today the basics of how to do old school, analog style broadcasting, and a very low tech, ancient style broadcasting studio."
"All here, at beautiful, Valley Free Radio."
"So, let's take a look at what we've got here."
"Of course, the heart of any studio is your broadcast board, so, we're going to talk about all that in a minute."
And most of the rest of what you see are different things that are going to be inputs to the board.
"Got some CD players, we've got another mixing board that goes as one input to the, to the a, to the board."
"We've got a couple cassette players, hi-tech."
"And, we have a computer that we play MP3's to, and of course, the telephone."
"And, we'll also see how to put callers on the air."
"Other features of the station are, some very kicking monitors, microphones we'll be talking about, headphones you need when you're talking on the mike, and some turntables."
Hello!
So that is why they alternate and put in the direct quotations to begin with.
Let's look at candidates.
Here's another story about Dan Moraine of the Los Angeles times about the presidential race.
We've got our lead here and we've got a quote immediately.
"Then we've got another fact, another fact, then we've got a quote here, a fact here, a fact, a fact and the rest of the story is a fact."
So as you can see there are probably going to be more facts from there than direct quotations.
You may ask why do you need direct quotations.
Why don't you just put the whole story in facts. It breaks the monotony up and what people say exactly is going to be more exciting than just a bunch of facts.
"Hello, I'm Bruce Marshall, Fashion Designer, and Emmy Award nominated Costume Designer, here to talk to you about how you might want to dress to go hear the orchestra at the symphony, da,da,da,da,da, that's right."
"Now, one thing you should remember; when you're at the symphony you're going to be sitting, and you're going to be sitting for quite some time, so really, the most important thing is you want to wear something where you're going to be comfortable."
"And also, you know it's pretty much a formal occasion, so you want to be formal, but not like black tie; it's not necessary."
"But you definitely want to be comfortable, so something with real soft fabrics that are pliable, that will actually sit well is something you might want to think about wearing, such as a velveteen or a velour just like demonstrated here."
"Now, you know the most important thing at the symphony is of course, the music, but you can also take some accessories to accessorize not just the music but yourself."
"For instance you can have a nice little flower in your boutonniere, and you can make that really nice and shiny and flashy and fun."
"It could be as simple as a carnation even and it would still work, or you could have a pocket square with nice little handkerchief or something with a detail that's gives it a little accent that would make the evening even a little bit more special, because face it; you don't wear stuff like this everyday."
It's the symphony.
"In this clip, we'll talk about what causes OCD, or Obsessive Compulsive Disorder."
"Although it's not really known exactly what does cause OCD, we do know that environmental and biological factors do play a major role in the development of OCD."
"When I talk about environmental factors, what I'm actually talking about are things that occur either in the individuals immediate environment, such as your family, your workspace; or in the surrounding community or world."
"So it's things such as major traumatic events, environmental things, such as tornadoes, hurricanes, any kind of things that might lead to traumas."
"Things as simple as, sometimes getting married, changing a job or losing a job, having a baby; anything that is related to your environment can be a trigger."
"Now, it doesn't mean that if you decide to get married, and have a hurricane in the same year, that you will automatically develop OCD."
"They just noticed a link; that between environmental stressors, there's an elevated link in risk that you might develop OCD."
"But then again, there's always the thought that you would have to be prone to developing OCD to begin with, so the environmental factors are actually a trigger, and not necessarily a cause."
This episode we're talking about snake bunkers.
It's a crawl everybody's familiar with.
"But we're going to modify it because of this thing, a paintball marker that you probably don't want to let go of, and the rules do not let you just throw it in front of you and go to town."
"So, it's going to be two knees, one hand, and you're just going to crawl all the way along."
"Except in this bunker, it's not really an option, because you'll notice, in the tiger crawl, the position I'm in right now, I'm actually over the top of the bunker, so, which means my pack, my head, and, yeah, everything is pretty much exposed."
"So the best crawl for this is a leopard crawl, which is down on your knees and down on your elbows, and you're going to crawl pretty much like that."
I am not doing that again.
"One more thing to mention about crawling, and this is more of a health issue than anything else."
"When you're crawling on one good hand, make sure that you don't go palm down."
It's a natural to want to do when you're crawling--you want to put your palm down like this.
The problem is you can hyper extend yourself.
"Every field, every air ball field, every arena field, has a snake bunker."
You can actually blow out your wrist if you're not careful.
"That being said, what I try to do when I'm crawling is I make my hand into a fist, and walk on my fist and my knees."
"It doesn't always work out that way, but that's what you want to try to do."
"One other thing, speaking of health issues, if you think you're going to be crawling on a particular day, and you have bad wrists or you have bad joints, take preventative measures."
I've got my wrist taped up from here to here using some medical tape.
Some of the stretchy stuff that is pretty good.
"If you think you're going to do any crawling and you are afraid of blowing out your ankles or blowing out your wrists or something like that, be prepared."
"It might not look as straight as this snake bunker, but trust me, there's always a low crawling area for you sneaky, crawly types."
"When you find the snake and you want to take the snake bunker, you want to get in here, first thing you want to do before the game, walk the field, get down to the snake level, and inspect the field."
"You're looking for what position you need to be in, what large bunker you need to be behind, in order to do the most damage to the other team."
Sometimes it's not going to be the position you think it is.
You don't know until you get down here and you put your eyeball on this bunker.
"When you're calling a snake, what you want to do is a modified tiger crawl--no pun intended, that's actually what it's called."
"Tiger crawl is two hands, two knees, and you're just going to go like this."
I wanted to talk to you about some things not to do when training your bird.
When you decide to train your bird don't switch locations that you train your bird every time you train them stick to one place have a set area in which you train your bird and they're familiar with if your switching it around every time you switch their training area it's going to confuse them they're going to be more distracted by their environment than they are interested in learning any new behaviors.
"Birds need to be very comfortable in their environment to preform, especially shyer birds like greys I've had a very difficult time showing any behaviors that these birds know today because there's lights and camera and unfamiliar people in the household and it's a very, very good way to get no response out of your bird at all."
Other things you don't want to have in the household at the same time is a lot of other activities going on obviously you don't want people cooking at the same time in the background you don't want the dog running through the house at the same time.
You want to make sure that at the very begining and the end of every training session you start and end on a positive note no matter what happens the bird doesn't understand whats going on.
Always make sure don't end that session with the bird doesn't get it you're frustrated you're angry and you just put the bird away that is the very worst way that you could ever end that for one you're not going to try training your bird again anytime soon and your bird's certainly not going to want to be trained again anytime soon because last time he tried and set out in that location and was with you he didn't have a good time.
You want to make sure that just your household environment is conducive to learning it's the same thing as having a child you just don't want tons of distractions television on and that sort of thing when trying to teach new behaviors to your bird.
"LAURA BANFORD: Now, I'm going to illustrate some basic hand positions and movements with the chef's knife."
This is my 6-inch chef's knife.
"So we're going to make kind of a uniform, it's not too uniform, uniform dices there."
"I have my knife in my hand, okay?"
Knife lies like this across your fingers.
You wrap your fingers around.
Turn your knife perpendicular to your cutting board.
Make sure your cutting board is not going to move.
"Anchor it nice and tight there, okay?"
"With your left hand or your non-dominant hand, you're going to have your fingers curved."
And you're going to slice starting with about an inch from the tip and rocking down.
You're going to use a rocking motion.
It's the one I go to for most utilitarian tasks.
And then you're going to slide your knife slightly ahead.
"As you do that, and do it slowly to learn, you're going to move your non-dominant hand, your fingers or your non-dominant hand, back so they're always out of range of the knife."
"Again, they're curved under, and the knife, you have a rocking motion."
"As you pick up confidence, you can increase your speed."
I made a mistake there.
Never drag the edge of your knife along the cutting board.
It dulls it.
Always use the spine of the knife.
Let's turn them over this time so that they don't move as much.
A little rocking motion.
"And I've selected celery because it has nice even stalks and it's a good, good way to practice."
Those are coming out more uniform.
"I guess we should do it cupped down, see?"
Those are coming out nice and uniform.
Always moving your fingers back.
"When we come back, we're going to use a cleaver."
"And again, celery is inexpensive so if you want to practice yourself, it's a good way to do it."
Okay.
"I have two celery stalks with the bottoms and the tops, bottoms and tops cleaned off."
"What I'm going to do, actually it should be like this."
Let's say you want to make diced celery.
I'm going to cut down with the tip of my knife.
Hello.
Paint Rag is going to be your best friend.
"Especially if working oils, oftentimes you'll have hours to days to fix this."
"If you're working on acrylics, your window is down to minutes."
They are so fast drying.
"Take your towel, basically very simply wipe the paint away."
"Be thorough with this, keep wiping until basically, very little paint is coming off on your paper towel."
"If your paper towel is saturated, get another one."
Don't stop just because you ran out of paper towels.
Now your canvas is relatively pure again.
"It's not going to be exactly how a bare canvas is, but it's going to be good enough for you to start coming back in here with your red."
The next technique we're going to cover is simply correcting.
"I'm going to come back in here and blend her up over the blue however you like it, now the blue is a lot more subdued."
"You have a red here, and all because you took the time, basically to wipe it away and repaint."
That is the biggest thing.
Don't ever think of a painting as a static thing.
"I've even seen paintings entirely dry where an artist goes 'no, I'm not happy' and they'll paint even over the dry under painting completely."
"It's how to make up for those little mistakes or, when your painting doesn't quite go in the direction you imagined it should go in."
"Take, for example this area here."
"Let's say the blue looks really, really great but you know what?"
"I 'd want this to be a lot more red up here and I don't, if I blend the red in here it's going to look like a milky-bluish red purple and it's not what I want to do."
What do I do?
How do I fix this?
Mr. Paper Towel or Mr.
"Hi, in the segment we're going to be talking about a trick catch called the flamingosis."
Now a flamingosis is very similar to the flamingo.
Spin around swing your leg over the top of the Frisbee.
That's very important I'm going to try another one.
I am going to set it here spin around and catch it there.
Flamingosis you can do you can add spins before them.
You could do it off of a roll set.
You can do it off of a lot of different sets or even a throw but the flamingosis is a really cool catch.
With the flamingo youre actually going to be catching it with one leg.
On one leg with the other leg lifted.
This is a flamingo catch.
You also want to keep the leg nice and straight and the toe pointed as much as possible.
Now with a flaming is your going to be spinning the opposite direction rather than spinning into the catch your going to be spinning away from the catch and catching it here.
So in order to do that you need to have the set come right on the outside of your knee.
So when you turn the first view will be right here.
So we're going to try that one now with a self set I am going to have the Frisbee here I am going set it.
"Okay if you, as you've watched these segments, you'll see that tennis is a very athletic game and I want you to think about if I'm hitting a forehand like this, well one of the great poses in martial arts or in yoga is a pose like this."
So this is very good for you to do.
"So, I want you to think about holding some poses and developing that type of fitness because tennis is a very, very; it demands a lot out of you and you've got to put a lot into it."
"So you'll hold this pose, it's going to strengthen your legs and it's going to do so without any risk of injury because you're not moving any weights, you're not on a hard surface."
"So, you just hold this pose; ideally hold it for a minute or longer and that means you're going to be pretty strong in the mid section and in the upper legs and you'll have good endurance and then just go to other side."
So just think of your backhand now.
"So, in martial arts or in yoga, they call this a warrior pose."
"So, you can see, I'm getting and I'm hitting the ball and you end up like this."
"So, you have to be strong in the legs and in this part of the legs."
"So, you hold this pose and you'll be amazed once again how much better your balance gets."
"A lot of people because they're not strong, when they're going for a ball, they're balance is bad; they're weak."
"Alright folks, in this series we are drawing magical objects and in this clip I'm going to teach you how to draw a magic lamp."
I'm going to do that right down here.
"Come on down just like that and then obviously we will add some details to it just to make it look more interesting, just like that and then you know if you want to you can add a polished sort of shine to it if you want and texture it a bit just to make it look a bit more interesting but that is basically it."
The genie's magic lamp.
So obviously you know the story roughly behind the magic lamp.
Everyone is sort of familiar with the little genie thing.
"What we are going to do is we are going to start by drawing the rough shape and I would say the rough shape of a lamp, a magic lamp is almost like the head of an elephant."
"It has got a little head and then what we'll do you might equate to a long snout, trunk."
So we'll come in here and we'll draw the tip of the lamp first and that is obviously where the magic happens right there.
"Then we'll come up here and we'll draw the top, the little lid where they have, obviously pour in the oil and things like that."
And then we come in here and we'll draw the handle something like this right there.
Then the base which would be something like this that it has got to be able to stand on.
So now were going to get fresh garlic here's our fresh garlic definitely go out and get some fresh garlic.
There's no other way to make some fresh bruschetta than to use the whole fresh ingredients you have your garlic were going to use a lot of it.
Just take your butchers knife and just give it a good from the point down slam it like so give it a good punch like that.
You'll see it'll break apart real easy were going to use about 8 cloves sounds like a lot of garlic but it's a great dish I know listen about the good thing about garlic is very good for you.
It's very good for you and if everybody eats garlic nobody has garlic breath so make sure everybody eats a little bit of this.
When I get back were going to start chopping up the individual garlic putting it together make sure you get some fresh garlic for this.
It's very important you want about 8 cloves this is a clove inside your garlic so you want about 8 of those when I come back we'll start chopping it up and I'll show you how to get it out of there as well.
Let's talk about why acupuncture can help us control weight.
"The first mechanism, we already mentioned, balancing the nervous system to control the appetite."
And the second one is acupuncture help induce the beta- endorphin.
We mentioned that about beta-endorphin make us feel good and it relieve the pain.
But another effect of beta-endorphin can have is control our appetite.
"For instance, when you run 10 miles, and you pass your second wind, then you feel so good, so energetic, then you don't want to eat for a while."
"But if you don't exercise, you sit in front of TV for the whole evening, then you just keep eating."
It seems you never get satisfied with the food.
"And if you eat the wrong food, then it's very easy for you to gain 20 pounds within a year."
"And in this segment, I'm just going to explain a little bit how we're going to wrap up our mural."
"So as soon as I get my letters painted in, then I can or--I'm sorry--draw in with a pencil then I can paint it in."
We're doing a construction sign here and it's going to say--we're going to put another put coat on it so it's a solid orange like a real construction sign.
"And then we're going to put ""Caution: Boys at Work"" and we'll do that in black writing so it looks like one."
"And then I've taped it off right here so when I paint in my post, for this to be in the foreground, then it looks like it's standing on a post in the foreground and then you've got the construction in the background."
"After we're done with that, I'm just going to put in a little bit of shadows on the bottom."
You can use a stencil to put in your lettering if you ever do lettering.
I like to hand-paint my mine in.
"I'll usually ruler it out and tape it in line so your words are really straight on there, but stencils work too."
"And what I would do is I would do another coat on this, let it dry, and then I would pencil in my letters so I get it right with my paint."
"The next step once you have your wreath up here on a horizontal surface, excuse me, a vertical surface is you need to start going ahead and anchoring your flowers in."
"Again what I use is the wire and I make sure that everything that is holding horizontal is wrapped and I'll even wrap the wire up a stem of the flower to make sure that it is held on correctly, come down and wrap it around the main frame."
This is something you need to make sure you do when you are outside in the weather because you don't want it to be blown away so you can create all these little tracks of wire and wrap it around the flowers to help hold it stable.
The next thing you do after that is you can go ahead and start adding any other kind of flowers or fill into it with a hot glue gun and then you can tuck them into your little pockets of wire and base material that you started.
So the next part is going ahead and anchoring all your flowers on a vertical place so that they will stay and you have to deal with the wind and elements of the weather.
So in this segment we're going to continue with the idea of testing rooting with a partner.
"So as in the last one we already, the idea is that Ray is using his mind to redirect my force downward."
"Again, it's not win, lose, it's the idea to increase the sensitivity of our rootedness."
"So as I push, he roots, he roots, he roots, and I'm pushing pretty hard right now."
Now why do we do it this way?
It's the most vulnerable position.
"So if he just stands up and doesn't try and root and I push him, it takes no effort to push him over."
That's why we do it here so you can really see that you really were rooting that energy.
"But as I start pushing harder and harder, there is a mind set that you want to resist that."
"So what, what a lot of times happens is the person leans into it to not let you push them."
They think that that's rooting.
But really it's not rooting because look at what happened.
"Right, so also the other mistake is that you are pushing hard and not able to root so you start leaning back, leaning back, and then you could push that person over."
So it's very important that it's a good partner relationship.
"So as I start pushing, if I start pushing too hard, he's not able to root and he feels himself resisting, he tells me, back off a little bit."
"Or if I find that he's resisting, then I back off a little bit."
HARMONIE KRIEGER: Astringent is really important and I don't think people do this enough.
This is something that is so easy.
"So, you're going to take cotton swabs and you can use one or two."
"Now, the thing to be careful about astringent, it's very piercing to your skin."
"So, you feel kind of like a tingle so you don't want to put too much on it once."
"So, basically, you're going to just do a couple of drops almost like eye makeup remover."
And you're going to take it and you're going to go all over the face.
"So, you're going to take this and you're going to rub it all over, everywhere; your nose, over your eyes, on your forehead."
Make sure you get every single place because this is what's going to clean all of the excess dirt that you didn't get with your exfoliator.
"So, even if you take a shower and you feel your face is super clean, always use the astringent after."
And it does tingle but I like the tingle because it makes me feel that I'm getting all dirt off my face.
Doesn't that feel refreshing?
"After you've washed your face or you come out of the shower, I love this because it's so refreshing."
"And then if you look at your cotton swab, you'll see just how much dirt you really have on your face."
"We won't look at yours, don't worry."
And then just make sure you throw that away.
And just have a stack of cotton swabs that you can always use.
I always buy a pack of like a hundred or so and it looks like this.
"Again, I got this at Rite Aid."
The whole package was a $1.99 and it will last to about two months.
"So again, use your astringent twice a day after the shower, after you wash your face."
This is to prevent acne.
"Now, a lot of people need to prevent acne."
"And when they do have acne, it's a great way to prevent more acne."
"So, this is by Clean &amp; Clear and you can get this in the drugstore for about $4.99."
Clean &amp; Clear is just as good as any of those products from the spa and I love to do this probably three times a day.
"Now, what you're going to do is make sure you have a bunch of cotton swabs."
This is also a great way to take off your makeup and I'm going to show you that in a second.
Once we have sealed one end of the rain stick were ready to pour our rice inside and close off the other end.
The easiest way to do this is to put your rice into a plastic bag and then just put the mouth of the paper bag inside of the paper towel roll and tilt the bag over so all the rice will spill right inside.
So we go ahead and put it around and fold the excess right over the top and once we have gone around and we feel that its in place then we can go ahead and put some tape right along the bottom.
"So now our rain stick has been totally sealed we have the rice inside and as we move it back and forth we'll see that it going to, its going to sound like the rain falling."
Hitting a window.
Hitting a roof or just falling outside.
So now I shown you how to place the rice inside our rain stick and seal the end with the lid and masking tape.
If you don't do it this way then you can use some type of funnel or something where the mouth fits inside the end of the rain stick and you can just pour the rice right inside.
But this is easiest way.
So once all the rice is inside were going to go ahead and seal the top of the stick.
We put the other lid the other circle that we cut out over the top and we do the same thing it should fit right on it shouldn't slip inside because of the thickness of the roll will help keep it on.
Just sitting on the outside and then we go ahead and take some masking tape and put it around the outside of the lid.
Around the roll and that helps create a seal.
We should put a few layers just like we did before and again this is going to help prevent any of the rice from falling out.
It creates a nice tight seal and really want to make sure that that lid stays place.
The next thing we're going to do is we're going to stretch out our back.
"So anytime you work your abs, you want to stretch your back, work your back and then stretch your back out."
"But for right now, this is good."
"And once you've held this for about twenty to thirty seconds, you want to slowly come up, bring in your head up first, then your hands, then come back up to that seated position."
And that is a great way to stretch out your abs and your back on the stability ball.
So this is going to be a really great stretch for your abs and for your back.
"It's a modified back bend on the ball, it feels really great on your spine."
And anybody of any age can do this.
"If you need some assistance, please use somebody to help you, if you're a little nervous or if you get sick going backwards, cause sometimes that can happen too."
"You want to take your feet, they're out, they're about hip width apart and you want to slowly go back, especially if you haven't done this before, rolling your butt forward, slowly come back, bring your hands down."
"Some people are going to be a little more nervous than others, but eventually what you want to do is you want to get both of your hands flat on the floor, just like this, and both of your feet are flat on the floor."
"Now different stability balls will give you different, different opportunities to stretch your back at different levels."
"This is actually really good what I have here, I could go for a little bit of a larger stability ball, but I wanted to go for a little bit of a deeper stretch."
In this kitchen we're going to be putting down wood flooring and we need to calculate how much flooring to buy.
The first thing I did was draw up a basic floor plan of the kitchen now my wood floors are going to go in the areas with red they do go below the stove and the fridge but not underneath the cabinetry.
What I need to do to calculate the flooring is figure out the square footage so I'm going to break the kitchen up into four different sections.
"This one will be number one, number two, number three and number four I'm going to go through and measure the width and the length of each section and record the data."
So what I done is come up with my four sections I've measured each section and wrote down my measurements on this last one it was 2.5 feet X 2 feet.
I've then multiple those two measurements together which gave me my total square footage for each section.
Then I'm going to go ahead and add all of those up and that's going to give me 73 square feet.
"Now it's always good to add about 15% to your materials for waist so I have my materials of 73 square feet, I'm going to add 15% so I'm going to multiple it by 1.15."
That's going to give me a total of 83.95 square feet and I might as well rounded right up to 85 square feet.
Hi!
"In this segment, we will be talking about supplies needed."
The first thing that you will need will be the Galvanic Spa unit from Nu Skin.
You will also need the treatment face gels.
You will need the pretreatment and the treatment gel for the application.
"You will need scissors if going off site to open up the gels, cotton rounds to remove makeup, headband to keep the hair off the face, and a washcloth to cleanse the face in between applications."
Always remember to have water because our hand will need to be moist at the back of the Galvanic Spa unit.
Watch our next segment on reading the display.
"Now we're going to talk about the smallest of all of the stripes on the food pyramid, the yellow one right here which you can barely see."
And that's all there is for the oils group.
That is the oils food group.
"It's not technically a food group, but some oils an contribute to good health if you're getting the right ones."
"Healthy oils can be found in fish, nuts, corn oil, soybean oil, olive oil, or canola oil."
Now most kids get enough of their daily intake from this category without actually having to make an effort to add things in.
The recommended daily allowance for children four to five years old is four to five teaspoons.
A teaspoon is that big.
As you can see it's not very big.
"Now one teaspoon is half a tablespoon of mayo, half a tablespoon of margarine or butter, eight olives without the pits, one tablespoon of Italian salad dressing, or half an ounce of nuts."
"This edged weapon defense is a straight stab, once again."
It's a wrist control.
"Now, I can either throw him to the ground."
I can kick him in the leg.
I can blast him in the side with the hilt of this other knife.
"The thousand things I can do, but before we do that we've got to get the knife away."
"So I'm, inside."
He starts to pull it back.
"It's fine, I go with it."
"Here, I have the whole hand locked up."
"He's exposed, his center is raised up."
"Twist that, grab the blade here, turn it out of his hand."
We previously went to the outside.
"More than likely, I would've simply throw him to the ground, project him as far away from me as possible."
"Before any of that happens, you've got to be off the line."
"He pulls back, and we go."
"Zonk you, for wrist control, inside wrist turn, pull it away, slam into the ground, and that is a good technique for an inside wrist control."
"Let's say, that we're going to be forced to the inside this time, and I come in."
I still am going to hook it and catch it.
"I don't want catch the blade, obviously."
That'll make for a short defense.
I want to grab as much as I can here.
"Daniel's already spread out, but as with our other technique, he's not going to leave his hand out there."
"He's going to start to fight to get it back, and as he does, I'm going to go with him, and spiral that hand back around inside, turn this completely back into him and yank the knife away."
"Let's do a quick example of the game, ship, captain, and crew, and then, for the rest of this series, we'll work on it in detail."
"In a turn of ship, captain, and crew, you get three rolls, and you're trying to build first a ship, then have a captain assigned to it, and then collect a crew and then cargo."
"And, it's six plus five, which is eleven, plus four which is fifteen, plus eight more, twenty-three."
And there you have it.
"That's ship, captain, and crew."
We'll go into detail in this series.
"Well, the ship equals number six."
"On my first roll, I have no sixes."
"So, I have to roll again."
"Aha, there I rolled a six, so I have my ship."
"Alas, there are no fives, no captain."
"And, I only get one more roll, so let's hope this goes better."
"Well, there's a five, so there is my captain and a die with four on it, equals the crew, and then once you have that, once you have ship, which is six, captain which is five, and crew which is four, you can use the remaining dice for your cargo."
"In this case, it's a five and a three, and so now, I would score my points."
O.k.
now that we've got this set I'm going to go ahead and get the side walls a little damp.
"I can tell the thickness on the bottom was perfect because I can see this moving through the bottom, alright."
And then you want to get it off the wheel head; we're going to set it up then we're going to put some ears on it.
"Alright, so picking it up just a little bit; we can keep it nice and thick on top there o.k."
bring it up about right there; let me grab some more clay from the bottom.
It can be a little thinner on the inside but these rims right here; they need to stay nice and fat o.k.
"At this point I got the height that I want and there's another things this tools great for; not only is it great for going back putting your mark in, see look a little swirl; alright."
Come in give it that classic casserole body right there; classic o.k. Just like that and then do some wheel trimming here and there's going to be a lot of goop that comes out of the bottom there.
With a form like this I don't like to get it too funky; I like it to be a little civilized.
"But that's it right there and you want to go ahead, take this tool; needle, the wire tool nice and flat; and like this out off to the left."
Now headshots are the most important thing that you can add to your resume in the industry.
"Youre not going to get anywhere without a headshot, they can tell you to take a couple of flashes, a couple of quick pictures and send it to them but ultimately theyre going to come back and call you back and say, hey you know what we need a professional headshot of you in order to submit it to their client."
"So you want to make sure that you find a good photographer who is going to, look at their background history, who is going to take a professional headshot of you."
"Not the school picture headshot, a professional acting modeling headshot."
"Now the headshot is going to cover about that much of your head, its not a full body shot, its more like a  length shot, you want to have your shoulders in the headshot in order to submit it."
You can submit it in either a black and white or a color but you want to have a headshot with your resume.
"So make sure you find a good photographer, research them on the internet, maybe you know one in your town but make sure its professional."
"How to master the tunnel technique just as I've mentioned previously with the over and the table command will come through dedication, commitment, routine and repetition."
After watching this video series you are going to understand and have a better idea of what agility is and how to prepare your dog.
"I would suggest like I've mentioned be creative on your walks, find a parking curb, a picnic bench or a fallen log to practice over, a sewer block, a picnic table to practice the table and as far as the tunnel if you have any chairs in the home with an actual bed sheet you can practice that as a tunnel as well."
By exposing your dogs to these things every day they are going to become a lot less spooked and afraid and in no time will be hitting all of the obstacles on one simple run through.
As I mentioned with the tunnel it is best to start in small increments and do a little bit each day to ensure you don't spook your dog which will also get a better result when you begin them with agility tournaments.
"ALLYN CHRISTOPHER: All right, we're getting close."
"It's almost a completely brand new cleaner, just some of the exterior accessories and we're going to be ready to pick some dirt up."
"It actually goes over here and just sits on, and as you can tell by the fact that this is augered, we're just going to spin it on."
"Again, older frame, be careful, because this motion of the spinning could snap it here then you're into a whole other repair that includes glues and expoxys you've going to buy on your own, and also it's a nonsense."
I'm going to leave it just about a finger's length away from the top of the mast.
"When you actually put this back in the pool and adjust and install like you did when it was new, you'll go through the process of seeing whether it's a little too way your center of floatness is in the right position."
"But once it's on there, it's nice and stiff and you're good to go, that's your float head."
All right.
"Oh, actually heavy leaves."
It's what it's designed for.
All right.
What I'm going to do here--this is a new float head.
"New float head, the old float head had water in it, sometimes that they get all cracked."
I always like the fact that they'll get water in them and you'll splash them here and squeeze and the water doesn't come out.
"I don't know how gets in and why it isn't coming out, but that's for other minds to decide."
"Adobe Photoshop is a registered trademark of Adobe Systems, Inc., and I am in no way affiliated with Adobe."
"Ok, guys."
"So, what you can do is actually drop your opacity down to fifty percent and your spread to about sixteen pixels."
"Not your spread, I'm sorry. The size to about sixteen pixels and the spread at zero. So, as you can see, my-right here, distance: five; opacity: fifty; spread: zero; size: sixteen."
"Now you're going to hit ""Ok""."
"I'm going to go over here up to the top, and you can see my piece of tape."
It's starting to actually look like tape now.
"Now, what we're going to do is we're going to move on to the next clip, and I'm going to show you how to actually make little cuts into the tape to make it look even more realistic."
"On this tutorial, I'm going to show you how to make a drop shadow on your tape to make it look a little more realistic."
"So, you want to make sure your ""Tape One"" layer is selected, as you can see right here."
It's selected.
"You want to come down over here to your effects, layer style effects tool, and click."
"Now, you can go either straight down to drop shadow, or you can actually hit ""Burning options""."
"I'm just going to hit ""Drop shadow""."
"As you can see, it automatically brought me a drop shadow on my piece of tape."
"For some people, they would argue that that looks a little too much."
One of the main problems with illnesses in box turtles is going to be vitamin A deficiency.
This is the underlying cause of several different conditions that box turtles can get.
"Her eyes were the only real apparent illness at the time, so that's what I was treating at the moment."
"Then when I started seeing the bubbles coming from her nose, I realized there might be something more to it."
"So after further research, I found that vitamin A deficiency fit all of the symptoms that she had and I immediately began to treat her for that condition."
"Now, a good source of vitamin A, like I had mentioned before, is cod liver oil."
Added to her daily diet or at every feeding will prevent vitamin A deficiency.
"Now in her case, I mega-dosed her with vitamin A. I had to receive veterinary care for her. She had to receive a shot of vitamin A, and she also had a fungus growing in her mouth and down her throat which caused her to lose her appetite completely."
So that led to the malnourishment.
"And the antibiotics were used to treat the fungus and then the vitamin A injections, plus my care at home."
I had to force feed her for quite a while by sticking a tube down into her stomach with a mixture.
"This turtle in particular, I got her as a rescue."
"Which you can probably find on the Internet, some sort of force feeding recipe for any type of reptile that you may have."
Now she's completely well again.
"This is something that is, this is the first time she's been healthy since I've had her."
"And she looks wonderful now, but just in case, I always want to make sure I put the cod liver oil on her veggies."
That way I'm sure to not have this issue again.
"She had been in a pet store that was abandoned and she was left without food and water, therefore she didn't have access to enough vitamin A."
"By the time I received her, she was extremely dehydrated."
She was malnourished.
She was basically skin and bones.
"Her eyes were infected, both of her eyes were infected and very pussy."
She has respiratory infection and she was just in horrible condition.
"And so I treated her a long time by myself, just her eyes."
"In these clips, we're going to talk about the proper way to remove and replace your vehicle's thermostat."
"In order to remove the serpentine belt, what we have to do is release this spring-loaded tension that's applied by the tensioner."
The tensioner is spring-loaded in a clockwise direction.
"As you can see, I have my double wrench here and you can see as I work it and let it go, the belt gets tighter and looser."
"So, what I'm going to do is take and put enough tension on it so I can slip the belt off of my alternator and let it relax back down."
"Once I have this guy out of the way, I can take and remove my belt."
"Now, if my belt-not completely off of the engine but out of the way enough that I can get at the tensioner's mounting bolts."
There's one here and there's one here on the bottom.
I got my half-inch drive crafts and ratchet with my 17mm 12-point socket.
We'll take and slip it on the mounting bolt there and give it a pop to break it loose.
"In this clip, we're going to talk about removing the serpentine belt and the serpentine belt tensioner in order to gain access to our vehicle's thermostat."
You're going to go ahead and repeat the same procedure for the other mounting bolts if there are any present.
This yellow component right here is my thermostat housing.
It's got a small portion of pipe on it as you can see and goes down to the actual housing here.
It has three bolts that hold it down.
"And unfortunately enough, Ford decided to bury one of them behind my serpentine belt tensioner."
"On your particular vehicle, you may not necessarily have to remove a serpentine belt tensioner."
"However, you may have to remove, say an alternator or an A/C compressor, what I'm going to do is go over with you the general removal procedures for a couple of these devices."
"In order to remove the serpentine belt, what you have to do is relax the tensioner."
"Hi, the drink we're about to make is called Pineapple Cocktail."
Let's go ahead and put some ice in a glass here and measure out one shot of light rum.
And if you like you can garnish that with a pineapple or you can just serve it up as is.
Bottoms up.
"With one ounce of light rum, two ounces of pineapple juice and one shot of lemon juice, one ounce and follow that up with a half a shot of grenadine which I have right here."
And we'll go ahead and shake that up.
Get everything mixed together.
There we go.
And we've got our glass here.
Let's go ahead and pour it in.
The last thing we'll do is just top it off with some club soda.
"Alright, and we'll add a straw."
I just want to say a little bit about allergic reactions and aroma therapies.
"You know most people they just enjoy the aroma therapies and they, they won't have any reaction."
"They're wonderful but you know use them, use them a little sparingly when you have to."
"The other thing to know is if there is any, if you are feeling disoriented or a little bit fuzzy headed or confused that could be a sign that you are getting a little bit high from the essential oil blends but not the right way."
And so just kind of look for some of those signs and if you have any of them just stop using whatever it is.
"If it seems like it's still an agreeable formula for you to use, use it in a smaller amount, use it less frequently and you know use your best judgment and follow your intuition because aroma therapies they are very personal and you can kind of tell what is working for you and what's not."
But one thing to bare in mind is everybody is different and the kinds of scents people like vary from one person to the next.
"It's just like getting a haircut, everybody wants something a little bit different but there are certain common themes."
"So really something to look out for when you are making aroma therapies is headaches, nausea, rashes, and even a kind of rash where maybe your whole, maybe your skin isn't totally broken out but your skin feels kind of a little bit dry or itchy."
That might be an indication that you are either using the wrong aroma therapies or that you are using too much or that you are using them too frequently.
"For example if you're taking baths every night and you are putting you know essential oils into your bath every night, that is probably too much."
You may toxify your system by using too much essential oil.
"Because again this is something that when it touches your skin, it's going into your blood stream."
"So you know if you love bath salts, maybe three nights a week is good, maybe four nights a week at the most but you got to give yourself a little time to rest and to not have to interact with the aroma therapies."
"Alright, now let's talk about taking messages."
"And your whole job might be about taking messages, or you might just simply answer the phone for another person, and you'll need to take a message for them."
"I'll make sure that he gets the message."""
"And then, you have to make sure that that person gets the message."
"It's very, very important that business messages not get dropped through the cracks."
"So take accurate information and pass the message on, immediately, not three days later, but immediately after you record the message."
It is absolutely crucial that you get a certain amount of information from the person on the other end of the phone.
And the information must be accurate.
"You need to have their name, the business that they're calling from, if that's applicable, the telephone number, and a brief message."
"Now, I said it is crucial that this information be accurate."
"Well, how do you make sure it's accurate?"
You repeat it.
"""Okay, this is John Smith from XYZ Corporation, and your phone number is 872-939-4086, and you want to talk to Bob about the planning meeting on Friday."
"Okay, great."
Hi this is Yolanda Vanveen from vanveenbulbs.com.
And in this segment we're going to learn about how to plant sunflowers.
The easiest way that I found to grow seeds is to take the container and open it up.
"Then take a napkin or a paper towel and put some seeds into there. And once you've got them into the middle kind of spread them out just a bit because you don't want to be too crowded and then I double it up, and I'll wet that down and then put it into a plastic bag."
And leave it in the house in a warm spot.
So the best time to do this is April or May of every year.
You can also grow a second crop of sunflowers into the summer.
So you can start another crop of them in July and August as well.
"But the first crop I usually start in April, May and I give it water, put some water in it and leave it just in a drawer."
"And then I'll check on it every couple days and eventually the little seed will start growing, and you'll see just a little sprout."
And it is at that time I take the sprouts and I put them right into the ground.
So there's different ways that you can buy your sunflowers.
"And make sure the green is out of the ground and the roots are covered, and I just cover them up."
And they will grow very quickly from there.
You just put some seed starter mix in here and sprinkle just a few seeds in each one.
And give it lots of water and make sure to mist it.
"Don't just pour water on it, the key is to mist the starter, mist the seeds and they'll start growing."
And once they get a pretty good root base then I'll turn around and plant them in the ground.
Either way I've had great success with sunflowers.
"I've put them right into the ground before and I didn't even start them ahead of time, and they've grown well."
These came in from the neighbor's yard.
The birds brought them or they just flew over here.
A lot of times you buy them in containers already growing and when they're already growing you really don't have too much but turn around and transplant that pot right into the ground.
Either way they're so easy to grow and such a rewarding plant.
So just make sure that it gets enough sun.
That's the key; it's got to have full hot sun.
Sunflowers will not do well in the shade.
"When you purchase a sunflower in a pot they're easy, you just transplant them."
You can leave them in the pot or you can put them right into the ground either way but make sure that you leave the dirt around the root so that they don't get too dried out.
When you're growing sunflowers from seed there's a lot of easy tricks that you can do.
"Hi, I'm Jeanette Welker."
"I'm a Family Nurse Practitioner, practicing in Eugene, Oregon, at Oregon Optimal Health, and I can tell you about one of the funniest times that I came to work."
"The very first job that I got as a Nurse Practitioner, was with the University of New Mexico, in their Maternity and Infant Care Project."
"Doing that particular job, we did not only prenatal care for pregnant women, but we also were able to do Wellness, follow up visits for their babies and infants, up to the age, of about two years of age."
"I arrived early in a rural part of New Mexico, to do cancer screening, and opened up the doors, and lo and behold, there were two clients already waiting there for me."
They were bats attached to the walls.
"I had to get brooms out and encourage them to go outward, so that we could bring our real clients in, and that was the start of a day of, a batty start to a day."
Today I would be talking about how to tack up a horse.
"As you put the nose band on, the nose band should be snugged."
"As we put the throat latch on, you still want to be able to fit about a fist right here."
"It is important that you don't make this one too tight cause then when they go to flex, it can cut off some circulation."
"Now that the bridle is on, you want to make sure that it is fitted well."
"You want to make sure that the bit is high enough, that there is 2-3 wrinkle in the corner of his mouth."
Right now there is non.
So tighten that up.
So now you can see that there is wrinkles in the corner of his mouth and it always important to put the pieces in the keepers.
"Now adjusting the nose band, you want to make sure that the nose band goes underneath the cheek pieces."
It is just a little higher of the bit but just underneath his cheek bone there.
So I'm going to put that up a couple of holes once again tucking each piece under its keeper.
Hi!
I'm soaking my feet in a plain plastic basin with the Epsom salt in bath temperature water.
You could also purchase basin that plug into the wall that have a warmer in them and vibrate and tingle your feet which also feels really really good to your feet.
You soak for about 10-15 minutes although you want to stay longer because it feels so good.
"But, I have been here for about 15 minutes and now I'm going to take one of my feet out of the water and use the pumice stone on the heels and just scrap the dead skin of the heels."
Because I have soaked and because I have used the Epsom salt the pumice stone works really well removing the dead skin and makes the heels feel very very soft.
I will continue on doing this one sometimes you have dry skin and person has dry skin up in this area from shoes.
Basically you could do the right foot and I will continue on with the other one.
We are talking about the home office and how to be productive.
So for me I've found that environment is very important.
I got things done but I can tell you it wasn't nearly to the level where I am able to be productive now so I would highly recommend even if you don't have an entire room that you can stake out for yourself.
I do think that is idea.
"Even if you can't do that though, make sure that there is a corner or an area of the house that is yours."
That is your work station.
"That is where you go when you are working and that your family and your loved ones, your children, whoever might be a distraction know that when you are there working, you're working and that is your work time and just kind of, if you set those boundaries right from the start then it should be a lot easier for you down the road and when you sit there you will have that psychological trigger of oh, this is my work station, this is where I work."
It just kind of helps you over time be a lot more productive.
When I first started working remotely or from home I found that I just kind of would work wherever I could.
I had a laptop.
"I was sitting on the couch with the TV on one day and maybe I would be sitting in my room writing, typing while I am sitting on my bed another day and what I came to find out was that just really wasn't conducive for me being productive so what I did was I got a room all to myself."
This is my home office.
I designate it as my space.
I decorated it the way I wanted to in a way that made me feel calm and allows me to think clearly.
I think that environment is very important for productivity.
"Looking back I don't even know how I got anything done sitting on the couch with people walking around, talking to me, interrupting me."
"Okay, the drink we're about to make is called Emerald Isle Cocktail."
"And this is going to be served as a martini, up, with no ice."
"Since we're serving it up, want to make sure you shake it very well before you pour."
And that'll do it.
"And that'll do it. Go ahead and grab your glass. And strainer. And pour it in. Got a nice, pretty green color."
Go ahead and grab your glass.
And strainer.
And pour it in.
"Got a nice, pretty green color."
There we go.
That'll do it.
Emerald Isle Cocktail.
Bottoms up.
"So if you get your martini glass ready with some water and ice in it, let that sit for about thirty seconds, and it'll be nice and chilled when you're ready to serve."
"All right, measure out two ounces of gin."
There we go.
And follow that up with a half a shot of green creme de menthe.
And last we will add three dashes of bitters.
"There's one, two, and three."
"Now, let's mix this up real well."
Get it nice and cold.
"Hello, my name is Sophia, I own the salon in Austin, Texas, Sophia Beauty Barber Salon."
"A lot of people, they have problems with back wrinkles and how we could remove back wrinkles perfectly."
"A lot of things on the market, some people get confused."
"And one of the best back wrinkle remover is the anti-aging cream and it's from Energy, it's on of the best."
"And also you could you use Aloe-Vera sometimes to remove the back wrinkle and sometimes we could use vitamin E, vitamin E is perfect way for the, removes the back wrinkles."
"And that's the way you could remove the back wrinkles, Energy, Aloe-Vera, vitamin E is one of the best in the market today we could trust."
My name is Brandon.
"Take the very end of the rope, pass it to the front of the loop, pull through."
"When you pull the knot tight, it should come out looking like an 8."
This called the figure 8 knot.
What you're going to do next is retrace this knot to your harness tying yourself in.
The first step to getting on the wall is to tie in.
"When you approach the wall, look up, separate the ropes and grab the rope closest the wall."
This is going to be the climber's rope.
"Next, grab the very end of that rope in your right hand."
Pull an arm's span of slack through.
"Next step, make a pinch in the rope with the end of the rope on the right side and drop it from your right hand."
"Double check to make certain that the end of the rope is in the right side of the loop, wrap the rope clock wise around the loop."
How are you doing my name is Lars Eric Robinson I'm with LarsEr Arts All Around Art-tainment. I'm a freelance illustrator.
"It should come straight off, there's other cleaning mediums out there that you can look for too, they have a powder form that should be able to take your paint right off."
Hope that explains to you what we go through as artists to try to get our paint off our clothes.
Thank you so much.
Today I'm going to talk about something that's you probably want to know about if you are painting and you are working and you are having clothes and you don't want to get anything on it.
As you can tell right here I have a paint stain right here on my pants.
"You take mineral spirits, the same medium thinner that you are using for your oils."
"You dab it on both sides, you put it on there."
"Once you notice it dropped on there, you let it soak."
"Then maybe when you are done at the end of the day, you could take this same stain that you have on there, and you put your dish washing soap on both sides and rub it in."
"And then wash it, just like a normal clothes."
"It should definitely be able to come out, so just remember you use this paint thinner that you had, that you were painting with and just dab it on there, you can scrub it a little bit and then when you are done just wash it like a normal clothes."
My name is Leta Koontz.
To come out of the pose just release your fingers and release your foot.
"I'm a yoga instructor at Schoolhouse Yoga located in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania."
Mermaid pose.
"From here, you're going to bring your right knee in front of you."
"Again, keeping the belly drawn in, you're going to reach back and take your left ankle."
Start to draw the heel of your left foot in towards your left hip.
You can stay here for a breath or two to get a nice long quadricep.
"Then you can bring the hand into the armpit or into the edge of the elbow, bring your right hand back, release your fingers, and look forward."
"Learning the cross body throw begins with grip the thumb is on the top, and the fingers are on the bottom."
You can extend your index finger out on the side when you release the outside edge the edge away from your hand should be up.
This edge cuts into the air and gives the disc it's lift the arm and follow through point towards the target.
This throw put right spin on the disc for a lefty all the right and left things are opposite.
The legs make a line into the target when we release our right foot is forward this is probably the most common throw in the one that most of us start with.
By throwing the cross body like slightly up hill sort of speak it slows the disc down and makes it easier to catch and do tricks.
Using a pass catch we can get set up for the cross body throw for the pass catch just step aside and as it's passing you grab it on the back side.
I'll cover it in detail in another clip this is a great throw when your playing close together.
Color is relative!
And that is the one rule that you really need to remember.
"But in a different ground, this pink looks different."
That means that you've got an awful lot of color testing in front of you.
I'm just going to show you again a dark pink here.
And again the same thing happens.
This is looking more purple.
This is looking very purple actually.
And this again looks more orange.
"This is, happens something to do A with the fact that the colors are mixed."
I mean the blue is straight out of the jar as is the red.
The pink I had to mix.
"Every time you change a color, in a painting you change everything else that is happening around it."
Now I mixed the pink with white.
You know got to get it lighter.
And I put in a little blue.
"What happens is, the red sucks up all the colors in the light spectrum except red."
"Then you've got this on top, and it's going to respond more blue."
On the blue where every color but blue is being sucked up.
Then this responds differently.
"There is sort of no more blue, so it becomes more on the orange side."
"So weather it's a dark or a light color, the fact that it's a mixed color, when it's next to something different."
Again I'm going to move this down here.
This is just a very simple test.
That's the same color.
But you wouldn't think it to look up here.
So that's the foot of the very basic idea behind color adjust position.
This color looks sort of like a blue pink.
This looks kind of like a orange corral pink.
These are in fact the same pink.
Let me prove it.
The same pink!
"I cut them off out, off of the same stripe."
"Hi, I'm William Richey, I'm the executive manager for American Eagle Security in Springfield Oregon."
The reason I became a security officer was to use it as a stepping stone to get into law enforcement.
"A lot of people when they get out of high school, or out of college, or right out of the military, want to work in law enforcement."
"And security is a good stepping stone, it gets them out onto the street, it gets them some experience, dealing with the public, and seeing the type of crimes that happens, and helps them with their career path moving towards law enforcement."
"I myself ended up enjoying security so much that I ended up making it a career, and never pursued the law enforcement aspect of it."
"And I've been doing security now for about 15 years, and I've enjoyed every year of it."
And that's why I became a security officer.
I'm now going to pursue working on Pam's bikini line.
"In many times, incidences in my salon I have women that want all the hair off."
But the nice thing about Pam is that she has light skin.
So this would work on a laser.
"But not at the best potential like a white skinned person and a dark, dark haired person."
So she wants electrology.
She really believes in it.
She's had great success with it and that's what we're going to do.
"So now we're just going to slide each one of these down, this probe, down each one of these follicles."
And this hair is a little heavier.
And this is they call terminal sexual hair.
It's deeper and it's a little stronger.
"And when the hair is dark, like I said before, I'm going to tell them I think, and this is my opinion, I think laser is going to be the better choice for you."
"As you can see if I was to hold up that hair, that it's deeper than a lot of the other hairs in the body."
"If you measure on the probe how deep it is, so that tells you just how deep your insertion should be."
"But when it's a woman that has sporadic hair on the side or here and there, strays and some cleanup work, I would advise electrology."
And especially if that hair is light in color because energy of a laser is not going to work on lighter hair.
It doesn't have the melanin for the laser to be attracted to it and cause the heat to go into the follicle and destroy the germitive cells.
"But when it comes to electrology, each hair no matter what the color is, it's going to work on."
"So in that fashion we're going to go in and we're going to look, assess the area."
Pam's hair is not very dark.
It really is kind of a dark blonde.
"Now, I'm going to show you how to make one of my favorite holiday punches."
"And, we're going to get our wooden spoon."
Just mix all of the ingredients together.
"So, you can get acquainted with one another."
"And, we're going to take it over to our stove top where our sauce pan will be ready to go and on medium."
Let's go over there.
"So, in the pan we're going to be heating our four cups of cranberry juice with the cloves, the hint of nutmeg and the cinnamon sticks."
"And, we're going to add some honey."
We need to make sure that we stir until the honey as completely dissolved.
"And, of course the juice is nice and warm."
That should be enough.
This is called the non-alcoholic Spiced Punch and it's very quick and easy to make.
"But, if you like honey, feel free to add a little more."
"Now, we're going to bring the punch over to our bowl."
"Make sure you do it very gently, so you don't get burned."
The non-alcoholic Spiced Punch serves six to eight people.
"And, typically it would be served in a mug or a teacup garnished with about two little sticks of cinnamon and that's it."
The non-alcoholic Spiced Punch.
"But, so good."
"You're going to need four cups of cranberry juice, honey just for the taste, a few sticks of cinnamon, a pinch of nutmeg and about three to four cloves."
"Now, I'm going to bring over here my punch bowl to mix all the things in."
"And, you can start your stove top at about medium."
"Now, I'm going to mix the two cinnamon sticks with the four cups of cranberry juice."
"Like I said, just a little hint of nutmeg and a few cloves."
Like so.
Off season training for football; outdoor conditioning.
"Right now we are going to do another superset, a combination of burpies and sit-ups."
Jones is going to take it at full speed.
We're working down and up.
We're going to do ten and ten.
He's going to do ten burpies.
We're going to do five and five.
We're going to do a combination of five burpies for ten sit-ups.
We want to repeat this for five sets.
We'll be doing five burpies and ten sit-ups each set for a total of twenty-five burpies and fifty sit-ups.
That's for our superset of burpies and sit-ups.
"Next we are going to work on some exercises, single leg exercises that will help develop stability and agility."
Jones is going to demonstrate what a burpie is.
Can we take it slow real fast?
"We want to hit the ground and then jump back into a plank position lowered down for a push-up and then we're going to spring forward and then get into a squat, deep squat position and then we finish by ending up on top."
Then we are going to combine that with sit-ups.
"Can you show us some sit-ups, please?"
Jones is showing us what we mean about sit-ups.
"We are going to work full sit-ups so that we're getting the hip flexors involved and when we come up on top we open up the chest, open up the shoulders and push the chest out."
Now we are going to work a combination of it.
"Now I'm going to demonstrate the double figure of eight hitch, loop; however you want to look at it."
Its really just a constrictor knot is all it is.
"Now what I'm going to do is since my overhand loop, my initial loop I created, my working end."
"Bring it back around and create another loop here, another just overhand loop."
And then I'm going to take my standing end that I have here and we'll bring it back around as well.
And we'll create another overhand loop as well on the other side.
"Now, how this is going to be used is, I'm going to take my block of wood here, and I'm going to pick both of these pieces up and I'm going to slide my wood through."
"And I'm just going to pull them through, like so."
And constrict these knots around this piece of wood.
"Now I'll have to work it just a little bit, because there you go, pull."
"My square piece of wood is going to create problems, but if this was a round piece like a broomstick or something, this would actually tighten up a lot tighter."
"Now as you can see here, this is how your figure of eight loop should look."
"It?s used to tie around something, you know if you want to."
"Kind of weaving around, you know, weaving around through and of itself."
Create this nice constrictor type knot.
It?s kind of like a decorative or an ornamental knot.
"So if you look down here, you can see I've got my line that I'm going to use."
"And what I'm going to do is I'm going to pull a little bit more out, because I'm going to need a lot of it."
This is going to be my working end over here.
"I'm just going to loop, just a nice overhand loop over here on my working end."
"I'm going to bring over here and I'm going to create an underhand loop, not like that, but like that."
So that they are kind of making this nice figure of eight as it comes around.
Hello!
But if they've been painted in the last 3 or 4 years you probably just can use an electric one.
"Once you've got that pressure washed, then you want to go ahead and dust that all down, do your caulking, do your spackling, and do all of your sanding."
"Then once you've got that basic crepe work done, then you're going to be ready to start priming."
"Once we have all of that preparation done, we'll talk a little bit about the types of paints we're going to want to choose and how to pour that paint up."
"Once we've gone over that, then we're going to actually show how to apply this paint both on the interior eaves and the fascia."
Then when we're done we'll talk a little bit how to clean everything up and how to maintain this work throughout the year to have a long lasting paint job that will really beautify your house.
So when you get done with this series today you're going to know everything you need to know for painting the exterior eaves on your house.
Now we'd like to talk in this series about painting the exterior eaves on your house.
"Now whenever you're painting exterior eaves, a couple things you want to look at."
"First of all, make sure you wear a hat to kind of keep the sun off of your head and your face and some kind of sunglass."
"Now, the sunglasses do 2 things."
"They're going to protect any chips or paint from falling in your eyes and they're going to keep that glare out of your face because usually you're painting some kind of white or pastel because of the heavy, heavy reflection."
"Now, when you're painting the eaves of your house a few things you need to consider."
"First of all, how bad do they look."
"If they're peeling really, really bad then you're going to want to get a really strong pressure washer on that like a gas powered one."
It's very important that you hold your weapon correctly.
"Otherwise, to hold it includes holding it deep in the hand a little lower depending on what your goals are."
"Again, watch carefully."
"I'm holding it in the fingers, basic position, and depending on what I do, it changes its position in my hand, and that's key."
It is not locked into place.
The fingers manipulate the weapon.
I can make thrusts.
I can make cuts.
I can make parries like so.
There are multiple ways to hold your sabre correctly.
"The very basic way, we start with the thumb opposite of curl on the guard about half an inch or so."
"The index finger, opposite the thumb, the other fingers curl around, like so, I'll show you without the glove on."
Hold it right on the fingers.
Notice that my hands aren't split open like so just here.
This allows me to make cuts.
I can make thrusts.
I can change the position of the weapon in my hand depending on what I'm doing.
Hamstring curls in a quad prone position.
We're going to put the weight behind our knee.
"Leave the ankle, the foot, nice and soft, don't excessively point or flex."
It's not going to put any more workload in there.
"You've already got resistance to the movement, you've got position of the movement."
"Nice slow and controlled, up two, down two."
"Working within ten to fifteen reps, three sets."
Make sure you've got a weight that you're going to be able to control and keep in there.
"Some people like the, you can get balls, medicine balls, little weighted balls to put in there as well, but this will work just fine with our hands underneath our shoulders."
Knees square with the hips.
And we're going to contract exhale and inhale release.
"It is not necessary to come all the way back down, because then I lose neutral posture."
"You want to maintain neutral posture, this is kind of a half plank."
"So we exhale, we contract, we don't want to go any higher than the hip, after that we're involving the low back and the exercise is over."
"Primary focus remember is hamstring, passes into the glut."
"Choosing a saddle can be not only a difficult decision, but one that requires a lot of time and patience in shopping."
It helps if we start out understanding what we're buying and what we might expect to pay.
"We move on up to a nice barrel saddle of a name brand, that's going to be better probably upwards of eight hundred dollars."
This saddle in its original show condition could bring it up to near a thousand.
"As we move on forward, some of these more showy saddles as well as a really good functional cutting saddle, you can go with name brands that will take you as high as three thousand and upward, I've seen them as high as six thousand."
"So you can see you've got a wide variety of choices, and you're going to have to decide within your budget what's your best option."
I usually coach my clients in trying to find the very best used saddle possible.
If they are in fact in a bit of a budgeted plan.
"If we buy a brand new saddle, one we have to break it in, and sometimes it's fun to have that happen before we get it."
"But it's also going to be very pricey, and it may become even more pricey as we look at the time that we have to spend shopping."
"We want to start out with thinking about a synthetic saddle, although not my very favorite, it does fall in the more budgeted category."
We'll talk about the merits of the synthetic versus leather down the road.
But these saddles can be found even brand new for as low as two hundred fifty to three hundred dollars.
"As I move into my youth saddles, a brand new saddle of this type might be about three hundred and fifty dollars to four hundred dollars."
Here is some tools and supplies that you need to maintain your saxophone.
First off I'm going to start off with a little baby powder.
We'll use a dollar bill in conjunction with the baby powder.
"We've got a little bit of soap here, some contact cement as you can get at any hardware store, key oil, we also have some thread locker."
I like the blue because it is removable.
"We have cork grease here, which is a necessity, we have a little cleaning brush, a regular old paintbrush, a small flathead screwdriver, a large flathead screwdriver or a Phillips head screwdriver you might need depending on what brand of saxophone you have."
"Some duck-billed pliers, some four ought steel wool, some round nosed pliers, a cleaning snake as well as a lacquer cloth."
And those are the tools and supplies needed for saxophone maintenance.
"In this clip, we're going to talk about penalty kicks."
"In indoor soccer, there are two types of penalty kicks."
"The ball is placed at the penalty kick dot that is on the field, a little bit in front of the penalty box."
"At that point, the keeper must stay on the goal line, the official will blow his whistle, and once the ball is touched, the keeper is allowed to move from the line, to save the ball."
"It's a very short shot, so usually it's taken with some sort of accuracy or power."
"Once the ball is kicked, if the ball hits the wall, but does not touch another person, then the person kicking the penalty kick is not allowed to touch the ball, it must touch someone else before hand."
"If it does go off the keeper, then the player is allowed to then try to get the rebound into the goal."
"But once it's touched, or once the ball is kicked towards the goal, everybody else is allowed to enter the play of field."
What I'm going to tell you about is the run up pad.
Now basically this is very different than the outdoor version of a PK.
"This is when a flagrant foul, usually a blue card style foul, is committed, and there was possibly an offensive chance for a goal."
"So the referee will pull all the players back behind the red line, and the person who gets awarded the kick, gets the ball started at the red line, and the goal keeper has to start with his heels on the goal line, and once the referee blows his whistle, those two can come out, and then it's basically one V one."
"When the shot is taken, if it's missed the play is dead, and I believe the team that was awarded the kick automatically gets a free kick after the PK."
The other PK is just one of your standard penalty kicks where everybody is placed outside the red line.
You get one of these kicks when a penalty or a foul occurs inside the goalie box.
"Again it's a smaller goalie box, so these are a little bit rarer than the one V one penalty kicks."
O.K.
we have our gloves on.
"We are not doing this randomly, this is very clear and very precise about which pores we are cleaning out."
So we'll go ahead and get started.
Everything is moving nicely.
"The thing about an acne facial, is you never want to force anything from the skin."
You want it all to come easily because the less irritated that the skin is the better.
And we are going to cover the eyes again.
A little bit more water.
You want to cover the eyes for the protection of the light.
"So there we are, stay away, turn the light, bright light."
Grab some tissue.
And you want to use tissue just a little more protection so that you are not irritating the skin as much.
Move the light over.
"This is 350 Diopter Scope, so the magnifying glass is really gonna help us get into every single pore."
"Alright, the last thing you want to take a look at is context."
"And when I'm talking about context, I'm talking about the actual space that you are going to speak in."
"First of all, how big is your audience?"
Are you going to be speaking to twenty people?
Are you going to be speaking to five hundred people?
"The topic that you choose and the level of intimacy in which you present it, will vary dramatically, for twelve or twenty people versus five hundred people."
You also need to take a look at the time of day that you're giving your speech.
"If you're doing the speech right before lunch, you might not want to do a speech about delicious food."
Because your audience might not be able to concentrate because they're so hungry that they want to go get some delicious food.
"Or, you might not want to do something that might be boring to them because they're so hungry, they've got that internal noise going on and they're not listening to anything you say, because they are hungry."
"Alright, now that you're good and inspired."
"Ready to get designing, itching to draw."
This is one of mine from awhile back.
This is my design.
This is the basic figure.
It's a skinny stretched out version of a human.
It's very important before you start designing any collection and every collection to have a stable of these croquis where you can just have them in a sketch pad and then you can just draw and sketch little designs on each one.
You don't want to have to spend your whole time doing the figuring getting it right which is why we're going to work on that right now.
And I'll show you how to have a perfect figure in which to design your designs upon.
You got ideas circling in your head.
"The first thing you need to do is have a Croquis, which is the basic figure to design upon."
It comes from the French word to sketch.
So I'm sure you've probably never heard it.
"If you have, more power to you 'cause I hadn't."
This is the word.
Visual.
And the basic figure when it's finished without color is going to look like this.
"Hi, I'm Jay French at jayfrenchstudios.com, and I'm going to show you how to draw clasped hands."
"Okay, to draw clasped hands, of course there are many angles you can do this from, we're going to do it from pretty much the forward angle like this, so, what you have is, I'm going to draw the back of the hands."
And that's how to do the clasped hand from that angle until you see just the hint of the pinkie finger there.
"Then show your knuckle line, from there you can add shading."
Fingernails.
"And, you have the front view of clasped hands."
And that is one way to draw clasped hands.
Remember to look for photo sources as your best bet.
"We have your basic wedge of a hand, give the impression of that, but, and I've done them too far apart, so, we want them clasped tight so let's do this."
Start with your thumbs and draw the thumb that's going to go over the top first.
"And one underneath second, and from here you would think you would just be drawing something like this."
"But it doesn't work that way because they overlap, so draw your top finger again, and it's going to be the same hand, if you clasp your own fingers you'll notice this."
It's going to be the same hand that has the thumb on top.
It's your top finger in there.
"Now you have a smaller, because it's half covered by the other hand, ring finger, or index finger from that hand."
"And the same thing is happening here, it's half covered until it comes out here."
Yep we are going to deep fry this and we are going to have a breading on it that is just going to taste great.
"Here we go alright so we would finish this up, up here."
I will these into the deep fryer and see how long it take to get them fry.
Clean off my fingers.
Okay we are goign to put these into the basket here.
Next segment we are going to do we are going to do something very interesting we are going to do some oysters.
So when we come with this we see how many minutes it took to cook it and when it is golden brown it is done and then we would start on the oysters for you.
Okay I think these are ready now they have been in here for 4 1/2 minutes we had the temperature up about 375 and it depends on your taste if you like them a little bit darker then you could leave them a little longer but really watch them.
Cause once they start to get really brown they go fast.
"Alright here you go simple, easy, delicious, deep fried calamari."
Find your you special sauce and go dipping go eat it.
The next thing you see from us the next segment would be oysters deep fried in breading.
I will show you how to do it. First off this is calamari that has been cut we had it cut first and we are going to go ahead and use these.
"I didn't drain them very well, I'm going to get a paper towel and get them a little dryer in there."
"So our breading has salt, pepper, a little bit of garlic, and then we put a little bit of Italian seasoning so it gives it that extra kick."
You could put anything you want into it it could be something hot and spicy it is jsut whatever your taste is.
"Okay so we are just going to throw some in here and I'm going to do this by hand instead of trying to use the utensils my kitchen, my food, my fingers."
So I'm going to put that like that this is flour and I threw a little bit of the pepper and salt in there and this is our breading this is a great dry batter it is just bread crumbs and breading that has just been made especially for this type of thing.
We are going to put it right there and then we are going ot do this one and this is just eggs this is just eggs right there just beat up to make it sticky.
"To continuing with the energy of Virabhadrasana II or Hero Pose, when you inhale lift up through the crown."
You might imagine that your best friend's palm is right on the crown of your head and you're just lifting up to touch.
That's going to accentuate a lengthening of the whole spine but particularly in the cervical spine in the neck.
"So everytime you inhale think about lifting up through the crown of the head and then as you exhale, stretch the arms more."
"Reach those arms out, remember to keep them on the same plane."
"And once again, turning the chin along the horizon to look out over your longest right fingertip."
"Inhaling lengthening, exhaling sitting down a little bit more and stretching out through the fingertips."
Stretching in all directions and breathing.
You can always check that back hand before you come over to check the forward hand to make sure that they are on the same plane.
Today we are going to make a polymer clay bowl.
You are going to mold them down or pull some out but you are going to try to make it so that its even.
What we are making is a flower shaped cane and in order to do that we need to have a nice flower center and it looks really pretty if the center is a swirl.
"So now what we are going to do, we are going to maybe take a rolling pin, do an extra little roll, we are going to roll this lengthwise."
You want to make sure you have that first on in pretty tight.
Then you can bring it in a little and roll it but you dont want to press too hard.
"You want to make sure that its a nice even log but you dont want to smush it too much, or stretch it too much because we are trying to keep that swirl shape that we made."
In this next step we are going to create the canes to decorate our polymer bowl.
"So what we are going to do, we are going to take two contrasting colors."
I am going to use black and white.
There is nothing more contrasting than that.
"And we are going to roll our black, soften it up and then we are going to roll our white, soften it up."
We are going to roll our white piece and then we are going to do the same thing to our black piece.
So basically we are going to get two flat pieces of contrasting color and it doesnt have to be perfectly shaped.
And you are going to place one on top of the other and then you are going to try to remove any edges.
"In doing side lying leg work, you want to make sure that your entire body is stacked so that the hips are stacked one on the top of each other and you are not curled back or rolling forward."
The legs are stacked.
"Point down, we are working the back."
"So, we are going to take a nice inhale and float the leg up."
Exhale.
We are going to flex the foot.
Pull the band and squeeze that inner thigh to bring the leg down.
Point the toe down.
Inhale.
Up.
Exhale.
Flex and squeeze down.
The abs are pulled in.
Point.
Down.
Inhale.
Up.
Exhale.
Flex and squeeze down.
The ribcage is pulled in.
"And, you make a little pillow for your head with your elbow bent, so that the head is fairly in line with the spine."
"Whenever you are doing legwork and you find yourself rolling to one side or the other, try and straighten yourself out by engaging your abs."
"So, in this exercise, we have the band around our foot covering the toes."
We are going to point the toe down.
"And, the reason we do that is that we want to work the back of the leg as opposed to the quadriceps."
"If we point up, we will be working this muscle."
"Hi, this is John Stewart, and this is how to raise the tent when setting up your tent."
"Once you've got your poles inserted into the tent, you can then raise up your tent."
"Yes, it can get frustrating, but just take your time, and it'll go up nice and smoothly."
"And if you do have that friend, grab him and they can help you out."
And this is how to raise the tent.
"Once you've got the poles crisscrossed at the center, most of the time, they're tied together to where they're standing and you don't have to hold them any longer, you can then go into raising the tent."
"The tent's going to have two things to put it through, you can either have the poles that have sleeves that Velcro over the pole, or you'll have clips."
Both of them are very fast and efficient to set up.
The clips seem to be a little bit sturdier.
You just go along the pole and clip them one by one until you get them all clipped.
"Once you've got them clipped, the tent should be stood upright."
And then you can go into staking out your tent.
"One thing to remember is that setting up a tent, you can do this with one person."
"Hi, this is Sean Hobson."
Right now we're talking about the man-to-man defense.
"What if my guy is still standing out there?"""
"Well right now, he's the farthest person away to getting the ball, we're not really concerned about that."
"So what we want this defender to do, is to drop all the way, in fact we want him underneath the basket, splitting, his body should be splitting the middle of the floor, even over a little bit."
"Because what's going to happen is, if this guy beats his man on the drive, the only person back to help is this guy right here on defense and he's going to have to come out and try to either take a charge or stop this guy's drive."
"Now, you say, ""But what about my man on the other side?"""
"Well, sometimes you get beat on that with the simple fact that if he has to close up here on the drive and his man comes in, then this guy could dish off."
You've just got to be a good enough defender that you could come out and play defense here and get back on here.
"But the main thing is, we want to be in help side deep here and even if this guy skips the ball back, you're going to be able to recover."
So make sure when the ball is opposite your man that you get all the way into the half court.
You see how he's dropped low enough too that he could see ball and his man when he's looking up the court.
We're talking about the positioning of our defensive man as the ball moves around the perimeter.
That's very very important to know where the ball and your man is in the man-to-man defense.
"Obviously, when they have the ball, we're on the ball with our defense."
"Then as the ball moves one pass away, we changed into deny defense."
"Then as the ball moved to the top, we talked about being in ""help side""."
"The main thing is, we want this guy to pointing to the ball and his man."
What we want to talk about now is a little bit different style of help side.
That's when the ball actually swings all the way to the opposite side away from the side of your man.
"A lot of people are concerned, ""What happens to my guy?"
If you want to go to Vegas and make some money at the crap table.
My name is Dean Hale and I'm going to teach you how to win at craps.
So that's going to give you a better chance to hedge your bet.
What you are going to want to do is eventually have money on three different numbers.
This takes down the casino advantage to it's lowest point.
"That's the easiest way to try to win some money at craps, is to minimize the casino's advantage."
"So pass line, if they don't hit their seven eleven initially, try to get it on the come out line, your money on two different numbers so you can minimize the casino's advantage."
My name is Dean Hale and I've just given you the best advice you can get about winning at craps.
Craps is a game where if you roll as the shooter comes out and shoots and he rolls a seven or eleven you win.
But there's also other ways to win at craps.
"There's a pass line, and if you put the money on the pass line and the shooter rolls a seven or an eleven, you win automatically."
"Unfortunately if they roll two, three or twelve you lose."
Now what you are going to want to do is the safest way to hedge your bet in craps is to try to have your money on three different numbers.
"So what you are going to do is you are going to put money down on the pass line, and if they roll a seven or eleven great you win."
Take the money off and you can bet again.
"If they don't and they hit their point or say they roll an eight and that's their point, you want to put some money on the come out line."
Now I'll show you how to use a pastry bag.
"First you want to hold the pastry bag in your hand like this, and with your thumb and your finger, gather up the excess bag on the top."
We're just going to use a star tip and make little stars for our border.
"And how you do that is you squeeze, holding the tip just slightly above the cake."
"You're not touching the cake, you're not pushing the tip into the cake."
"You're holding it just a tiny bit above, maybe an eighth of an inch above the cake, and squeezing."
"And then before you lift the tip away, you want to release pressure."
"Now if you continue with pressure while you're lifting, you're going to end up with a big tip."
"Okay, let me show you that again nice and close up."
First I'm going to clean off the tip there.
Now you hold the tip about an eighth of an inch over the surface.
"And you squeeze, until you get a little star."
The fullness of the bag is going to sit in the palm of your hand like that.
And you release the pressure of your hand and lift up at the same time.
Now here's what you don't do.
"I'm squeezing, squeezing, squeezing and then I'm lifting."
And I end up with a big tip here that we don't want.
"You want to hold it, squeeze, release pressure, and pull up."
And then you get a nice star.
"Now you can twist the bag while pinching that top, pinching the twist, with your thumb and your finger, in your hand like that."
And that causes a pressure in the bag.
"You can feel that it gets full and tight, and you really want to hold on tightly with your thumb and finger like that."
Now you'll use your fingers - the other four fingers - and your palm to squeeze the bag.
"And as it squeezes the frosting out, you'll have to continue to turn and twist the bag while holding on tightly with your thumb and the edge of your hand right here."
"You can see here how as I twist it I'm holding tightly here, and when I squeeze, the frosting will come out."
And I'm squeezing with my fingers and my palm.
"If I hit a shot, and I have this right hand, so I hit a shot, I'm already slower, if I've got my left hand I can turn and be going or I can grab across like this."
"So, while this hand is free, I'm moving; but if I have to hit and then grab, and then turn in like this, I've lost a half a second getting to that corner, and I'm three feet further this way instead of, if I would have hit the ball and spun this way."
"Now, much better position right here."
"And those are little things that you just have to learn over the years, unless somebody watches you and says get your butt out of this part of the court, you know."
"But, I'm not a pro tennis player, these are just little things I know in my head; in a wheel chair, you can't cover a court as fast as some, you know, we ought to put some of you in that chair and we ought to play, you know?"
"It's different, it's a whole different world."
"Now, your strokes would be better than mine, even right now, but you'd be all fouled up with the, with the wheel chair."
"But, a good player, that has the strokes, once they get the wheel chair down, you're in trouble."
"For starters, you have to know how to pair your shoes with the right outfit."
"You can wear them over jeans, under jeans, or here you can pair them with leggings and they have a slenderizing affect."
Join us in the next segment and we're going to be talking about how to accessorize with a belt.
"If you're wearing a dress, such as a short dress, you can wear large, clunky shoes that may or may not match your outfit."
"One of my favorite things to do is to wear large wedge shoes with a short, cute cocktail dress."
Also what you can do is this: today I'm wearing a pair of jeans that I paired up with some heels.
"If you take a look at these shoes... which I actually got from a fashion sale, directly from the designer."
They're kind of fun.
They may not go with every outfit but I have a pretty plain top and jeans on.
"And since they are heels, they can actually make your legs look longer and that can help out any body and any figure when you wear jeans."
Boots are also a versatile and popular thing this winter.
"Here I have another style of a criss cross strap, in a back view."
"What I have done here, is show that the garment that it's criss crossing and attached to."
Only they're not braided.
But they criss cross each other.
They don't just cross.
They criss cross.
So there's cross and there's criss cross.
"And then, it doesn't have to have, necessarily this many straps."
It could have more straps than this.
"What it's showing is that somehow probably, they are going to be sewn in, to the back of it."
And maybe they attach in the front.
Or maybe they're stretchy.
is going straight across the back.
"And it just gets, put over the head."
But this is just another version of a criss cross strap for neck.
There is your seam lines.
But the criss cross factor and remember this is a back view.
"Because, I cut off her head."
"When you see that, that means it's on the back."
"I also have indicated back view, if you can't read it."
"But the criss cross means that over, under, over, under."
Like they're braided.
"The next variation of a vest that you can design, or that you can build on, as far as your design process goes, and again, all this stuff is for you to just try."
"Don't take my ideas literally, because what I'm doing now, and don't take them as who I am as a designer, either."
There's not really a term for that.
"It's just too short for being long, and too long for being shrunken."
Shrunken is just shrunken all around.
"Ribbing, you know what a ribbing is, knit contrast to the regular knit that's there."
"I need to say that, because they're just shapes for you to build on. I'm doing the most basic and elementary things that I can think of, that give my concept a way of establishing itself in your head, and then letting you build on that concept."
This is a shrunken sweater vest with ribbing.
Everybody knows what that is.
"It's going to hit to be shrunken, and needs to hit above, above the hips."
"It needs to hit above the waist typically, or right at the waist."
That's technically shrunken.
"If it hits a little bit below the waist, well, you just don't need to try it, because it shrinks."
"This one is called X marks the spot and it's a little routine you do to try to give your child a chill with goose bumps all over, Ruckel is going to help us turn around so that I can see your back (hand motion) X marks the spot with a circle and a dot shrivel up shrivel down shrivel all around with a pinch and a squeeze and a nice cool breeze (blow) these are the chills (laughing) did you get goose bumps (ya) This one is called crack an egg on your head (hand motions) Crack an egg on your head let the yolk drip down let the yolk drip down let the yolk drip down, crack an egg on your head let the yolk drip down squeeze an orange on your shoulders let the juice drip down let the juice drip down squeeze an orange on your shoulders let the juice drip down let the juice drip down, spiders crawling up your back spiders crawling down spiders crawling up your back spiders crawling down with a pinch and a squeeze and a cool ocean breeze (blow) did you feel the chills (ya)"
"The final area to massage for a dog with, especially with problems with the front legs is going to be the side of the face, between the eye and the jaw."
"Again, this may be an area that a dog will object to."
You get them used to it over time work them into it.
"Just get them used to a little bit of face touching, and then as they get calmer, you can do a little bit more, and a little bit more."
Some dogs will really like it.
"If your dog will allow you to do it, those cheek muscles right between the eye and the bottom of the jaw, just a nice circular motion."
You want to be a little bit more gentle in this area than you've been on the back.
"There's not as thick a muscle, and this is a good, relaxing pain relieving; particularly works down the front legs."
It's a continuation of one of those nice front leg meridians.
"So again, you're going to do the same on the other side."
"If the dog is nice and relaxed and quiet you can do both cheeks at once, and you're just going to do a nice broad fingertip or palm of the hand circular motion, and just relax that whole area."
"This is one; again, if your dog is really not up for, or really doesn't want their face rubbed, don't worry about it."
"The first step of our seascape is, surprise, surprise, not supplies."
"Actually, what we first want to do is decide what we want to paint."
"And this is kind of the next step, what makes a good picture?"
"For example, this picture here on the left, oh that tree there and that gnarled piece of driftwood which has been pushed up right by the current in the sand."
That's pretty interesting.
But the problem is the framing's all wrong.
This here in the foreground is kind of blocking out and distracting from the very interesting landscape back here behind.
Most of which is water.
Seascapes do not have to purely be just the sea.
"Actually, if you're ever painting just water it's kind of boring."
"It's nice to have a shoreline, some shore items, some froth and foam, some out cropping rocks."
But this here is just too distracting.
There are a variety of ways you can do this.
"Despite it being interesting, it's a no go."
"So this one, that's out."
"Now this one on the other hand, this one holds promise."
"You again, have a prominent sea on the side, a lot of water and beach and waves breaking in the surf here."
"And you have a really cool geological, basically, out cropping here which has been eroded around by the water but it's so tall it has fertile soil on the top."
So this is great.
This is like a little island.
"It is an island right in the middle of the sea with nice shears, strong lines, which is going to make for a very interesting subject for your seascape."
"First and foremost, if you can paint outdoors, you have a great beach nearby, get out of your house!"
"Heck, you can stop watching this right now and run out after you see the remaining steps."
That's the best way to do it.
"Up there, live, close and personal."
"So, go down to the beach and paint."
Paint whatever strikes you as interesting.
Now if you're not so lucky to live near the ocean then you have to rely on pictures.
"Let's start by talking about one of the most basic and archaic ways to cut a hole in the ice, and that's using a hand chisel."
"Now, safety again is always the most important aspect."
"But, they're great to have, especially for checking the ice, close to shore when you come out on a water body."
"There's really nothing much to it, other than simply taking a firm grasp on it, and just starting to cut into the ice."
"Chipping it out as you go, rotate the blade and just continue with it until you hit that water."
"One good tip is, and I don't have it here today, but is to always attach a rope with a tied loop to the top of this."
"You can put that around your wrist, put it around your shoulders, so just in case, when you finally go through, if you loose your grip on your chisel, you're not going to lose it, because your rope will help save it."
The blades are these chisels are typically pretty sharp.
You always want to cover them when they're not in use.
"You always want to be conscious of where that blade is, in relation to where you are, where your kids, where your friends are when you're fishing."
"Now, these chisels are great to have."
"I always bring one with me, especially early and late season, when the ice is thin."
"It's a great way to chop a quick hole, probably only take you a minute or so."
"During mid-winter, when the ice is thick, say even thicker than six, seven inches, using a hand chisel can be quite a task."
"Taking maybe upwards of five, six minutes to cut a decent hole."
"Okay, in this segment I am going to serve to Ken, he is going to return his forehead up the line, he is going to return them down the middle and he is going to return them cross court."
It is very important that you practice hitting all your server turns to the different parts of the court.
"For example, if you are playing doubles, you are going to want to learn to return all your balls cross court, because if you go up the line there is going to be player there ready to volley the ball."
"Now there is exceptions to that because sometimes they will mix up where they stand but in singles your best return is generally down the middle, but if you the player you are playing is serving and he is rushing the net, you might not want to give it right to him, you might want to be on a hit an angle cross court or go down the line."
"So Ken is going to demonstrate how to serve or turn the serve down the line, okay again."
"Okay, that one went up the middle because he did not turn enough on the ball."
"Down the line Ken, turn, turn, turn, good okay, now return it to me."
"Okay that one is right up the middle, right up the middle, good shot."
"Cross court, so you see how Ken has to move his body to go cross court and one more, okay so that is the idea is you want to be able to return to all different spots of the court and as you get more proficient you can hit them short, wider, angled, you can return them deep so you can move, you can keep the server off balance with a high quality return."
From time to time many cats will have an episode of diarrhea.
So one of the things that you want to do is check your litter box daily to see if the stool is normal.
This stool in the middle of the box here is a completely normal stool.
"It is formed, and it is not too hard, it is definitely bend-able and, and, not so firm that you can't deform it."
"This, on the other hand is definitely diarrhea."
"This is soft, there's hardly any form to it and you can see that it's almost a pudding consistency."
"If at home your cat has diarrhea just one time and it seems to be otherwise healthy, it's playing, its eating normally, everything else is going well, you can try adding some soft cooked rice to your cat's food for a day or two, and if you're feeding a lot of treats, or if it's been getting any table food you'd want to discontinue that."
Definitely if the diarrhea continues for more than a day then you should consult with your veterinarian about further treatment options.
Bridge pose is a classic finishing pose that can be done in prenatal yoga.
As long as it's still comfortable for you to be lying on your back.
Now press in the hips up to the sky.
"Nice gentle strengthening of the spine, helps relieve some tension."
Keep looking straight up.
"Whenever you have any constriction on the neck, not looking side to side."
"Keep looking straight up to the sky, pressing your arms down into the mat."
"If it's comfortable for you, if it's part of your practice, you can bring the arms underneath you into moodrem."
I think she prefers to bring it into moodrem.
Perfect.
"Clasp the fingers together, press the arms into the mat."
"You also have to come a little bit higher onto those shoulders, lovely."
Are you comfortable?
One more nice breath holding the pose.
Long complete exhale.
"Release the hands out to your sides, press up onto your tippy toes, take a nice deep inhale, exhale very slowly, very gently, lowering down one vertebrae at a time."
Always going in and out of bridge as slow as you possibly can.
Perfect.
"Whenever you're done, you can release the heels back towards the earth."
Beautiful.
I do have a blanket underneath her head for just a little bit of support on her neck.
"Alright, bridge pose."
"You want to bring your feet about hip width apart, heels slightly closer to the hips than you normally would, arms dropped down to your sides, palms on the earth."
Important to work with your breath in this pose.
Take a nice deep inhale.
"As you exhale, press into the feet, lift the hips up slightly."
"Now you don't want to take it to the full limit, perfect."
Hi my name is Ashley Ludman from Seaside Yoga here today to talk to you about hot yoga.
So a few years ago Bikram yoga was developed and franchised by Bikram Chadroy.
"So hot yoga, hot room, hot practice, hope you enjoy it."
From that branched out a lot of styles of hot yoga that didn't really have anything to do with the franchise of Bikram yoga.
But in essence hot yoga is a yoga style that is practiced within a room that is deliberately heated.
Sometimes up to temperatures of a hundred and ten degrees.
And the purpose of heating the room in a hot yoga class is to create greater detoxification benefits.
"So not only are you internally heating through your breath and through the movement of postures from one posture to the next, but the room is externally heated."
"And there should be a little bit of humanity within that, that sphere of the room."
You may find various sequences in a hot yoga class where Bikram yoga is one particular sequence and one particular class of twenty six postures.
In the hot yoga class you may find that you are moving through postures in a more flowing way.
"Now, you'll notice with our edges, already sort of peeled away, you're like well, you know, some of the toners coming off, it all looks a little rugged."
"First off, some of the rugged, harder edged effects, that is part of the transfer."
"Cause, yeah, some of the toner will come off, that's part again, part of, sort of part of the effect, but you should still be able to very easily recognize the picture underneath."
And you shouldn't be taking off big heaps of toner.
That means you are scrubbing too hard.
"So, with the smooth side, we're going to work in here, all through out the middle, until we have all the paper, that we want all the paper fiber, is going to be off."
"You gotta keep in mind that a lot of those with smoother edges, that the grays and the whites are going to be reduced down to like, you know, darker than wood."
"What's more, if you discover, if you think too much toner's coming off, to the point where you're losing the image, odds are you're scrubbing too hard."
"Go from the rough side, to the smooth side."
"What's more, in terms of getting into, like, the really more detailed areas, where you're just going to be on the basic shape of the shoulder."
"I strong, strongly recommend just rubbing with the smooth side, and having a lot of water, cause this is going to help you, get even more of the paper off."
"And you'll notice that, you know, a lot of the toner underneath here, is staying on, much more so, than what you had on, lower below."
"But yeah, if you find out that a lot of it's coming off, stop scrubbing so hard."
That's probably the big problem.
The next Easter card I'm going to show you is a lot of fun and it has a film strip technique.
Here's the card that we are going to be making and doesn't that look like a cute little film strip.
"When ever you are using the punches, the punch always has to be up so you can see where you are punching."
"So there is one, two, three for our film strip."
Now I won't cut out the chick punches until I've stamped on them.
It makes it a lot easier for me to see the images where I need them.
So let me go ahead and stamp three chicks.
And I'm just stamping my chicks in black.
"And what I want to do, I want to capture him, I got a little smudge so I need to stamp one more time."
What I want to do here is capture him at three different stages.
"Where he is just peaking, where he's got the middle of his body and then the top of his body kind of pulling out of the screen."
"So by doing that what I'm going to do is use my square, line them up."
"You can use this card again, for any card, any season but we are going to be doing Easter."
The first one I want is just going to be his nose.
"I'm going to punch that out. The middle one is going to be his body, I'm going to punch that out."
And the last one is going to be his body but he's going to be kind of leaving the scene.
So I need to get a little bit in here and I'm just going to get the top of my chick.
Sometimes you have to cut your little paper a little bit just to get your puncher and there is my third.
So I have all my punches done and now I can start coloring.
So let me get started.
First thing I'm going to do is cut and score my paper.
I need a piece of wild wasabi at five and a half times four and a quarter where I'm going to be scoring.
That's my card base.
And then I need a piece of the black which is going to be the film strip and I'm going to cut that at two and three quarters times five and a half which is the length of the card.
"Alright now the next pieces that we are going to be using, I don't need my cutters for, we are going to have fun with punching."
I need three squares of the so saffron.
Now I have shown you all of the drills that are necessary to master before you can get a nice clean backhand spring and move on to a more advance skill like a back tuck.
This is a backhand spring again on a floor.
So keeping in mind all of those drills that I have shown you watch my backhand spring on this floor and see how everything I have done up to this moment leads me up to right here.
It is very important to be implemented into my technique using my backhand spring.
Watch how I jump off my toes last just like I did on the trampoline.
Watch how I extend my arms past my shoulders just like I did in the jump back and swing my arms quickly as I did in the arm string drill.
My sit is going to be very similar if not identical to the set that I did up against the wedge mat.
My arms are going to be nice and straight as they were in all the drills that I have showed you.
I?m going to block with my shoulders rather than bending my elbows like I did in all the blocking drills that I have showed you.
"You are really going to be able to see how important it is to slow down, take the time to master each element of the backhand spring before tackling the backhand spring as a whole."
"Alright, juggling three clubs, alright we discussed how to hold two in one hand. We discussed every aspect. Now, it's the time to do it."
"If I stand sideways, you'll get a better look."
"They're nice, slow, single rotations and it's not because of how I'm spinning them, it's because of how high I'm throwing them."
"Of course, it is possible to spin them faster but like I said before it's not necessary."
Spinning them faster is another trick in itself just throwing them is hard enough for most people.
"Okay, it's just like juggling three balls except you have to be careful because if you throw them so that they will go away from your body or towards your body, there's a much greater chance of you hitting yourself in the face."
I've been hit in the mouth.
I've been hit in the eye.
I had seen people do both and it hurts.
"So, you got to be careful when you first start okay and it's like most things not as hard as it looks to you when you first start."
It's way slower than you think but this is how it looks okay.
"If you notice, it's nice, slow, single rotations."
We're moving on to the next step in our quick Thai curry.
They're not going to be overdone.
So everything that we're going to cook today is cooked very quickly.
This is not a long cooking process that we're going to be doing.
Looks like our wok is ready to go.
The first thing we're going to do is add at least one or two cloves of garlic.
Get that in and get that going.
That's a nice base flavor for anything that we're going to be cooking today.
"And then the next thing we're going to add are our heavier vegetables, like our carrot, our onion and today we're using peppers."
So let's get our peppers in there.
You want to make sure that your vegetables are in.
Now we've got our vegetables ready to go that we've talked about.
Toss your vegetables around.
Okay.
There's our vegetables.
"We're stirring them, keeping them moving so that they cook evenly in the wok."
It's important that you do keep them moving so that you don't end up with your vegetables cooked unevenly.
"If you were cooking with broccoli or another harder vegetable like that, you'd also want those in at this time."
Just keep moving that around.
You can leave it periodically.
"Let the vegetables heat up and in about thirty seconds or so come on back, keep it moving again."
In a minute we'll be back and talk about the next step in our dinner.
We're firing up our wok.
A little bit of oil on the bottom of the wok.
Get that hot and ready to go.
The first thing you want to add to your wok are your fresh vegetables.
"If you're using frozen vegetables, you want to take those out of their package, let them defrost for a couple of minutes."
"If you're mixing fresh and frozen, you definitely want to get your frozen vegetables out so they're maybe up to almost room temperature so that everything is going to cook at the same pace."
"When we're cooking with a wok and cooking Thai food, your vegetables are going to be crispy."
In this segment I'm going to talk about unleashing your spirit from singing.
"As much as technique is important, nothing can beat the importance of artistry."
"There is a point where you just have to let technique go, you have to just let it sink down naturally in your body and then you have to forget about it."
"I mean if I where overly concerned about technique the place, the opening of my mouth, I will survive, I will survive."
I mean but I have to let it go.
I have to be afraid to make mistakes.
"It feels like jumping off the cliff I will survive, I will survive."
"Here is the thing it feels terrifying, I mean until you get really use to singing in front of people it is terrifying and there is a reason for that."
You really are exposing your soul but just know that you are safe people generally don't judge people who take a risk.
Now I'm ready to treat.
I've prepped Matt.
There we go.
It's treated perfect.
So now we continue.
"Now that I know what it takes, I'm off and running."
There we go.
"Another hair another hair, and this is the blend."
So this is a little slower than if it was high frequency.
High frequency would be probably almost half the time to treat as it is the blend.
"But it's the numbers on that treatment is somewhere in the forty percentile,fifty percentile,with high frequency vs. up to eighty nine or ninety per cent kill ratio, when you use the blend."
So I like those numbers.
I've got his hair ready.
"So that's kind of why I go that direction, and I don't like fast and hot and quick."
"You have too much imperfection in the work, as far as I'm concerned."
We've spoke about what he'd like and what treatment he wants.
He's made the decision of electrology.
"So now, we're going to start our work."
I have the timer on and we're working.
"Now these hairs are growing downward and there is a kind of, this way that I hold the probe in my hand and I taunt that skin, so I get that hair just at the right angle, and then in we go, and then to see what it takes to do Matt's hair in the back."
This hair is a little bit different.
I need to go a little bit deeper and stay a little bit longer.
"We've chosen a pink, silver and black theme for this one and that can go anywhere."
And just want to let you know that you can be creative and take this theme wherever it can go.
Like say you're having a Hannah Montana party which is one of the most popular themes going right now.
So you can grab anything Hannah Montana like these little blowouts and stick them in the centerpiece or just stick them on the top so her picture is showing.
"You can even use an invitation or just anything with her picture and just put it on the top or another good idea is to get just the paper plates and tape them together, just two plates like this, faced out."
And just put them on the top and it like really lets your guests know really what your theme is.
And when they walk in they see the table and they know that they can be celebrating your birthday with Hannah Montana.
"In order to string jewelry, you're going to need something to put it on."
"I actually started out with fishing line, and you can make knots in it."
"And you can just stretch it over your arm, like that."
You do a full knot with both strands or a square knot with that.
And I also use memory wire.
Memory wire goes back to its original form.
Here is a necklace and a bracelet.
You don't have to have a clasp with it.
"It just goes back, like that."
But I don't have that today.
"I use nylon-coated steel wire, or tiger tail, is what they call it."
And there are different diameters.
"There's really thick and really thin, depending on how heavy your necklace is or how heavy your beads are."
And here are some samples.
This is all done with tiger tail.
And that's basically what I use to make basic necklaces.
"And there's also stretchy cord, which everybody knows about power bracelets, and that's what they're put on."
Now it's time for the first of the off body tricks.
This trick is called the lasso.
"You can kind of isolate it, spinning it around."
"If you'd like to, you can even drop down on the floor and strike some hot pinup girl poses in it."
You can take your hands up in prayer.
You can do the right.
You can do the left.
You can even take it and isolate it somewhat holding it there.
Have a lot of fun with this move.
Lifting it up and away from the body.
Squatting down.
Make this move your own.
I wonder why.
You ready to give it a try?
Yee-haw!.
It kind of feels and looks like you're a cowboy.
This is great move.
It's strengthens the arms.
"It's nice and big, so you can clear space with it."
It's also one of the moves that you will move in and out of throughout your whole hooping routine.
You can turn with it.
"Hi it's Dow here at the Firehouse Detail Center, today we're detailing the exterior of your car and we're teaching you how to be an expert at doing it as well."
In a previous segment we applied wax.
"Once its been hazed over and its had a chance to dry then we want to circle back using a microfiber towel, and again have several towels, turn it frequently, use a clean area of the towel to remove it."
You're going to want to remove it the same direction you put it on which is the way that the wind flows over the car back and forth.
"We're going to go back and forth covering new areas, again flipping my towel frequently, so that I've got a fresh new area as I go over it."
Now when I hit an area like this detail trim here where the headlight is.
If I've got wax in there I can get a detail brush to go through and remove wax.
"I can even, you know, wrap a towel in it and go into the crevices, or fold a towel if I've got a bumper line like that I can fold the towel and just press it along the crevice like that."
"When it comes out it's gone in and it's removed any excess wax. You can move through the car wax removal pretty quickly, but pay attention to details because when you have too much wax in a crevice that's an area that's going to make your customer disappointed and you're not going to like the way it looks on your own vehicle if you're a do it yourselfer."
"With that, the microfiber towel will leave a nice shine and the paint finish is going to be just perfect for ninety to one hundred and twenty days."
"You can go back and reapply wax more often than that, but we find that our customers are delighted for at least ninety or one hundred and twenty days."
We talked about the selection of wax and picking the wax that's best for you.
An important part of waxing the car is actually the removal of the wax.
"We want to use the right equipment to remove it, and we want to make sure we remove wax in the crevices and cracks."
So we don't want to fly through this too fast because you'll have a disappointed customer or you'll be disappointed at the look of your vehicle if you've got excess wax.
So be cautious not to put too much wax to begin with.
One of the common problems we have is people use too much wax.
"You just don't need a ton, a tremendous amount of product."
A little bit of wax goes a long ways.
"So our next exercise is called the scissor as you might know, or the correct Pilates term would be the single straight leg stretch."
Yes.
From here grab onto your right ankle.
If you can't reach you can grab onto your right knee as well.
Scissor the left leg all the way down.
So you're going to use your exhale here as you pulse the leg in twice towards your face.
So your hand position should be onto your ankle.
If you're having trouble reaching your ankle you can come down to your calf or even back to the knee.
The most important thing is that your leg stays straight.
You don't want to pull in a bent leg.
You want to keep it long and lean.
Ok. That's a lot of Ss in there. So let's get started. Mark's going to lay all the way down. Beautiful.
So breathing is very important on this next exercise as well as the others.
You want to make sure that you're bell button scoops in in as you exhale.
"So your belly button presses down, down and then you switch."
"Belly button goes down, down and switch."
You compact those muscles into that breath so you're contracting those muscles as well as working them at the same time.
It creates a longer leaner muscle.
"So you have exhale, whoo, whoo, and switch, navel scoops."
"See your navel pushing in, in on that exhale."
Press.
Press.
Long legs.
Stretch and lengthen those legs.
Pulse.
Pulse.
Stay curled up.
Pulse.
Pulse.
So notice Mark's upper body is not moving here it's just the legs moving so you're getting those lower abs working.
Good.
Give me three more.
"Three, and press, and two, straight out, press, last one, and one."
Draw the knees in towards the chest.
"Relax head, neck and shoulders all the way down."
Take a rest.
"The next clip with be the single, no the double straight leg stretch."
From here you're going to bend your knees into your chest.
"Again, that proximal position, curl the head, neck and shoulders up."
From here the legs go straight up in the air.
Reach the toes toward the ceiling.
If you have trouble straightening the back of your hamstrings flex the feet.
ABE TOKE: Hi.
"Once you start shaping off the bottom a little bit, you'll notice that the stringer will start to pop up."
That's when it's a great time to break out this hand planer and just hit the stringer alone.
Careful not to--you don't want to reshape this bottom that much so you just really want to just take as consistent smooth cut off the stringer.
I usually start somewhere around the apex of the bottom contour which is generally around the middle of the board and just flow right off the nose.
"Once I'm pretty happy with the relatively flat, I got most of the marks out."
I'm going to go ahead and flip it over.
"The stringer is pretty hard to shape, so I usually tend to get that down and then you can shape the foam to the stringer, starting on the high points always first."
I'm going to take you through step by step to shape yourself a complete surfboard.
"I'm going to go ahead and clean up this bottom a little bit, and then we'll go ahead and do the top."
"And I'm going to clean it up with the shearform again. When you run your hands across the bottom, you can really feel a high spot or a low spot."
"I mean you can obviously see that we're a little low here still, but just keeping--you don't want to dig in to this and try to make it up right now."
So just keep on shaping the board is one whole thing.
Don't stop in here and dig away and trying to hit a home run with every little stroke.
It's more important that it really stays flat.
"Now that we have a clean palette, we're going to move on to the eyebrows."
"I'm going to go ahead and fill in Amy's eyebrows, you can use eyebrow liner, in this case I'm going to use powder."
"Same thing, I put the puff down, so I don't lift off of her skin on yourself you probably wouldn't do this, but if you're playing with somebody else?s eyebrows and filling in somebody else?s eyebrows if you, it's a good little trick so that you don't lift off any of the foundation."
"A lot of makeup artists that I know, use powder as well instead of the actual liner, it just gives it a softer, more subtle look than the harshness of a liner."
"So, I'm going to pick out the color that I think is closest to her eyebrow and I'm going to use an angled brush like this, and this is my favorite brush for filling in the eyebrows, I use it on myself, I use it on all of my clients, this brush, you can get this brush pretty much at every makeup counter."
"I'm not sure if you can get it at drugstores, but I know you can get it at every makeup counter, you can get it at you can get it at any beauty supply store."
"So, you're just going to take a little of that eye shadow is what I'm using."
"And another cool little trick is so that I don't lift makeup off of her skin, I'm going to apply the puff onto her cheek and rest my hand here while I apply the eye shadow onto her eyebrow or fill in her eyebrows."
"So, now I'm just taking this angled brush and I'm stroking upwards, filling in her eyebrows where it's needed and then I'll come back for more product once I run out and you want to just again slough off some of the excess eye shadow that you may have."
See how it's filling in really nicely?
The difference between the two eyebrows (Can I have your chin over here?)?
What we want to talk about right now is the importance of our linebackers in the 4-3 set against a passing team.
"The middle linebacker has to drop back, and he is covering in this middle area."
"This guys got a big job, because he's got more receivers to his side."
So he's got to cheat to the strong side of the field where there are the majority of the receivers.
And this guy got to try to pick up to see if they are slipping anybody out of the backfield.
"Or if this wide receiver is going to cut off on a short route, then this linebackers going to step up."
"So he's got the outside responsibilities, the middle linebacker has got anything back here."
"But the main thing is, once they read a pass they got to get in a back peddle, pick up the quarterbacks eyes, and then find somebody to cover."
And that's how you play linebacker dropping back in pass coverage.
"Now most of the time if you are running a 4-3 defense, you are running against a team that runs about as much as they pass."
So these linebackers have to be very athletic and very versatile to be able to adjust to whatever is going on.
"So the first responsibility any time the ball is snapped is, our linebackers have to take a step up, they have to search the gaps, they have to pick up to see whether to run the play or if its going to be a pass play."
And they are going to be reading the quarterback.
"If the quarterback plays action fakes, a lot of time the linebackers are going to sucked up another step."
So these guys have to be able to react quick.
If it?s not a fake and the quarterback starts a drop back.
These guys first of all have to know their assignments.
"One arm row, the goal of the exercise is to work posterior delt, rhomboids, and lats."
So it is just kind of like you are starting a lawnmower is how I like to refer to it.
"Make sure that you have got a good stable wide stance, knee in line with the ankle, don't show the chair the knee forward in front of the toe."
"We are going to bring it down slightly on the diagonal and our goal is to inhale and exhale and draw that elbow right up to the side to where we feel contraction back here, we don't want to feel the shoulder try to compress to the ear, we want to leave that nice and flat so inhale and boom right there, put it right back here, control it down."
You are working against gravity here so it is a great exercise.
Make sure that your hand is above the knee joint on the supporting leg.
"Working 10 to 15 reps, 3 sets on each side."
"Hi I'm Kelli, I'm an aesthetician and a makeup artist at Ulta Salon and Cosmetics and I'm going to show you how you can apply a powder foundation."
You have a couple of different ways that you can apply a powder foundation depending on how much coverage you want.
"So you can just see the difference between the two sides of her face, lighter coverage, fuller coverage."
So those are two ways you can apply powder foundation.
"For a fuller coverage, you would want to apply it with a sponge."
"For a lighter coverage, you would want to apply it with a brush."
"So just to demonstrate, going to do a lighter coverage on one half of her face and a darker coverage on the other half."
So we're just going to dust this all over using a brush.
Just even out her skin tone.
So you can see it gives her some coverage but it doesn't necessarily give her a really full coverage.
"So if I want a fuller coverage, I'm going to use a sponge."
The sponge is going to pickup more pigment and in turn give a fuller coverage.
Hi I'm Joe Cuenco with Family Resources.
Today we're going to be talking about not to live the rest of our life alone.
Do you want to be with somebody's who a University Professor.
Do you want to work with somebody or be with somebody who's maybe in the architectural trades?
Or somebody's who involved in sports.
"Perhaps you need to find somebody's who's, who's a marathoner because those things are important to you."
"But you really need to, really need to take a look at what your, your life styles are and try and match those up with your potential partner."
The first part is really doing an introspective look in improving your own self confidence.
That comes from educating yourself; being the best person that you can be and making sure that you radiate that self confidence.
You need to find somebody that has the relationship fundamentals down.
"Somebody who's going to love you, you can trust, communicate with you, respect you and be your friend for life."
"And if these things are not there then you're really going to have a difficulty or difficult time moving the relationship, relationship to the next level."
Specifically how to choose a partner for life.
The other thing is find somebody who's going to treat you special.
Do the little things for you.
Brig you a cup of coffee in the morning.
A martini at night.
Or a beer while you're watching a football game.
Or rub her shoulder or rub her feet.
Put gas in her car.
Make her eel very special.
The other thing you need to take a look at is is what level of interaction takes place with the family.
"Can you get along with the family? That's an important, important thing. What are your short term goals, your long term goals?"
Well just how do we choose a partner or life?
What does your retirement look like?
Do you want children?
"So you have to be aligned from that view point because if you're not then you're going to, this discongruity is going to create problems for you later on down the road."
So share the same goals.
"Share the same goals in terms of your life, life style but also you need to take a look at, at cultural aspect."
Relationship work shops are very helpful here.
Family Resources puts those on.
And so this is how we learn how to choose a partner for life.
"Well I wish I could say that it's just as ease as going behind isle 12 in a grocery store but it's, it's not that, that, that easy."
"I'm Joe Cuenco with Family Resources, relationships for life."
The first thing we really need to do is take a look in the mirror.
We really need to do an introspective look and say who are we from an inventory perspective.
"What do we want short term, long term and then approach it from there."
"You really need to think about who we'd like to be matched up with long term that's very similar to our short term goals and our long term goals, and who we really are."
Are you looking to be with a professional?
"And we're making Chili Verde. We've got our Chili Verde sitting right there not boiling out of control, it just is cooking, let it be."
"Chop that up, it will melt right on top of there."
"There, we got that."
Now tortillas.
"Let's get some nice tortillas, at least get some flour ones."
"You can get some that you can, that aren't cooked."
"You just take them, they're already made, and you can cook them yourself."
"I like to do that, but today we've just got some regular flour tortillas."
We got ten of them.
"OKay, we've got out cabbage, we got our lime on the side here, we got that."
"Now, cheese and tortillas."
"I like to have cheese, alright, and one thing with cheese don't buy fake fake, imitation, processed, nasty crap, OKay?"
"Get the good stuff, alright?"
This is life and food is delicious.
"So, get this, you can grate it."
I like to chop it up into thick slices.
"Well, not too thick just thick enough."
Pain is one of those things that we see a lot of patients for as an acupuncturist and its probably what its best known for.
"Its funny, I sometimes I get a phone call, how much do you charge for elbow pain?"
We may ask some more interesting questions.
"We might say, where on your arm exactly does it hurt, because we have those lines of energy that run along the arms and legs in the body and so depending on exactly where your pain is in a particular place of your arm may guide us towards a particular organ or a particular area."
Then there's things like is it better with massage or worse than massage?
Is there a color associated with that pain?
"So all of these are the types of questions your practitioner should be asking you and if you can give them good feedback on that, you'll get the best, fastest treatment to alleviate you of any pains that you may have."
And what's important in Chinese medicine is to know that everything is done through diagnostics.
"So whilst most people would just think, ehh my knee hurts, my back hurts, fix it. There's much more to it than that."
Some of the more important questions we ask in order to do good diagnostics on what type of pain and what's the best treatment approach are things like what makes it better or worse.
"So we may say does cold make it better, or does cold make it worse?"
Does heat help?
Is it better with exercise or worse with exercise?
Is there certain movements that are uncomfortable?
What are the benefits of tutoring?
"The benefits of tutoring are for... Well, okay."
"That's a pretty big responsibility, though, so you have to make sure that you...you know, that it...that it makes sense -- that it's pretty water-tight."
That is the benefit to tutoring as a job.
"There's the benefit to the student getting to learn things, and then there's the benefit to the tutor getting to make a living."
"But also, as opposed to any other job, let's say, the tutor gets to make his own hours a little bit more than most other people."
So there's easier scheduling.
There is easier scheduling.
"There is a decent pay, usually."
"A lot of times, if there's a middle man involved, your pay cut is pretty steep, but then your middle man is getting you...getting you clients, so that's a trade-off that you have to make sometimes."
It's also a pretty fun job if you like explaining things and it makes you feel smart.
"There's also the ego boost of having your...having your paradigm -- your thought pattern -- you know, put out into the world and adopted by somebody else."
"Now that the face is done, we're going to move on to the eyes."
This is the fun part and the hard part.
"That's just going to give a really creamy, cream look."
It's going to be like drawing on a white piece of paper when I'm done.
The next color I put on is going to go on so smooth and look beautiful.
"This is just a very, very, natural look."
"Like I said, natural vanilla color."
I'm going all over her whole entire eye.
I'm just piling it on.
Look up for me.
I'm taking a little bit underneath just to keep it blended and natural.
"Whatever I do on top, I normally do a little bit on the bottom just so that it's all blended and smooth looking."
The first step is eye shadow base.
Close again.
"If you get a little powder dust underneath, just clean it up with a brush."
That's really easy.
You can't mess this up.
You want to take a nice big brush.
"I'm not using something so shimmery because I'm using a lot of shimmer on the rest of her face, so I'm using a very matte, kind of nude, neutral, vanilla color."
It's so natural that you don't have to worry about using too much.
You just really want to pile it on.
I'm taking it right to her eye and I'm just putting it all over the whole entire lid.
"In this clip, we're going to talk about, you know, different sort of safety gear that you can use to make sure that your time out on the water while you're kite surfing is going to be much more safe and, you know, definitely friendly if some sort of thing goes wrong."
Basic things like helmets and impact vests are going to make your day a lot better in the event that you crash or wipe out pretty hard.
"You're going to be using a board and sometimes you could be kiting in shallow water, so you know helmet an absolute must if you?re trying, you know, learn a new trick, you're just getting into the sport or you feel like, you know, it's an overpowering conditions and you might just want a little extra protection."
"Some people think that they look a little nerdy but, you know, you have new style of helmets with, you know, a brand that looks pretty cool."
And don't be that guy that who doesn't want to wear some king of safety gear just because you don't think you look cool.
"On, you know, this impact vest here, it can be a bit of a pain because you know a feature like this, a clip or a zipper, can get kind of in the way when you're using it with your harness, but let it be known, we're doing all these tricks these days that are throwing you into the water sometimes at high speeds and you have no control of how you're going to land."
"And these whole things right here, the ribs, don't feel too good when they're broken."
"So, right here, an impact vest that's going to keep you from doing that."
"So, also, it's going to provide you a little flotation and, you know, it's just kind of comfortable."
"So, impact vest and helmet, wear them, especially when you're a beginner."
"Hi, my name's Chance Platt from Humphries Archery here in American Fork, Utah."
"Today we're talking about archery strategies, techniques."
And you want to make sure you have a good....good anchor point.
I'll rest...I'll rest my knuckles at my jaw every time.
My nose on the string.
"And that way I can look down through my peep sight, and my sight."
And get the same site on the target every time.
"We'll go over just a few of the techniques for improving your shot, making yourself a better shot when shooting."
"Number one thing is...I believe...is probably the way that you're holding your bow. You want to make sure that you have a loose, but comfortable grip on your bow."
Number two is probably going to be in your stance.
"So, I'll typically will have my feet about shoulder width apart."
Just so you're comfortable.
"And then, when you draw your bow, you want to make sure that you can draw it smoothly."
There's no jerk....jerkiness to it.
Hi!
I'm Robin with trees-mom.com.
Grab some more wire and pull it through both.
Then you do the next one.
"Grab some wire, there's 2 loops, grab some more wire, pull it through the 2 loops."
"If it gets to a point where it's just not going through, because maybe you've pulled the wire too tight."
"If you push the crochet hook all the way up through the loop, it'll make it a little bit bigger, so it'll make it easier to get through."
We're crocheting wire to make a Christmas bracelet.
"We have just done 2 rows, and now we're going to go on to the third one."
"You can stop at 2 rows and just have a thin bracelet, or add another row to make it a little bit thicker."
"We've added one single stitch to the end of the second row, and now we're going to flip over the bracelet and go back the other way."
What we do is put our hook into the first loop.
Pull the wire through.
You have the 2 loops on the crochet hook.
Hi.
"My name is Jessica Meiczinger with Simply Divine Events, a wedding planner who's been planning weddings for over ten years."
There's just endless possibilities when it comes to choosing your reception menu for your elegant beach theme wedding.
I'm here to talk about how to choose your reception menu for your elegant beach theme wedding.
"First of all, I'd stick obviously include your local flavor."
"If there's any seafood delicacies that are in the area or just seafood in general, try to have that in your beach themed wedding."
You could do a buffet or station style.
"In that, you could do like a raw bar setup on blocks of ice or you can do ice sculpture that's part of a center piece of a buffet with like your seafood adorning that."
"But, mainly most of the time for an elegant beach theme wedding you're probably going to do a seated dinner."
"For appetizer, of course you could start off with like a lobster bisque or crab cakes and then roll into your salad."
"And, then for your entree you could do a surf and turf whether it be steak and shrimp or steak and lobster."
"Hi, I'm Amy Erinberger. I'm with Option Model Management. I've been a commercial model for many, many years. Some of the tools that a model needs always are for the ladies, you need to have a make-up bag."
Being comfortable with yourself is a huge tool.
Confidence is a major benefit to your work.
So bring that with you on every job you have.
And be consistent.
Get to know your clients.
"Make that, get them to know you a little bit so they feel comfortable working with you."
"You'll often be asked to bring certain shoes, maybe a pair of heels that blend in with your skin or a pair of heels that are black, something that will work with the clothing, or even individual clothing items themselves."
This will always be clear in advance of a job.
But having a wardrobe is a nice thing to present yourself and also because you may need it from time to time on your shoots.
"Other tools, I would say, I think I might have covered most of it."
"Oh, I know that women are required to have nude underwear and men as well."
You need to have something that's not going to be very visible under the clothing.
"It's especially important for women because you'll wear much more thin fabrics and things like that, so you have to have nude thongs and bras."
"Something that some people may not expect when they get into modeling, but it is important."
You need to be able to do full make-up and hair whenever the client requests it.
This is a common request.
Especially lately it seems like not as many clients are budgeting for hair and make-up artists.
So be prepared to know how to do this yourself.
"And men, you should know how to make your hair look good and take care of your skin and teeth just like women do."
"Inner beauty, I talked about earlier, but that's a really important thing."
Off-season training for football.
Single leg lateral hop.
"You can work ten to fifteen reps per leg, so you can work anywhere from twenty to thirty reps for the set."
And then next we are going to do single leg forward hops.
"Jonsey is going to demonstrate what we mean by single leg lateral hop, which is going to work stability for you and also power."
Okay?
"He is going to start on one foot, he is going to jump to the side onto the other foot and stabilize himself by landing only on one foot and then jump back and forth."
"So when we are beginning this exercise and your series of exercises on the single leg, we want to take this approach of going from one leg to the other, and then we are going to work in a variation."
Do you want to show them the single leg where we do not alternate?
"So now we are not going to alternate legs, he is going to still jump to the side laterally but land on the same leg."
"This exercise is going to be a lot harder, so when working with this exercise, work for anywhere from eight to twelve reps on this one leg before switching over to the other leg."
"If you are alternating legs, you can work on a different rep scheme."
Tip number 3: Personal Taste.
"Of course the most important thing in choosing any form of style, whether it's clothing, a hairstyle, makeup, or in this case jewelry, is your personal taste."
What you like is the most important thing.
"If you like something and somebody tells you it doesn't look good on you, unless you really really trust their opinion, just ignore it."
"Because really, if you like something, chances are you're going to feel confident in it and be able to pull off the look."
"Then again, if you don't like something and you're only wearing it, perhaps because it was a gift or a family heirloom, chances are you're not going to enjoy wearing it as much as if you liked it."
Because jewelry is so diverse you don't really have to stick with a certain style all the time.
"Personal taste is absolutely up to you, completely subjective, and the most important guideline in picking out your jewelry."
"I don't want you to think, to get an impression that Feng Shui is all about the rules and about the elements."
"So what you also got to do, you have to feel the energy there."
"You want to play some music, burn some candles, open the windows once in a while to let that fresh chi come in."
"So this way you create a movement of energy in the area and this way energy does, is not stagnant."
What kind of energy is in the room?
"So if, for example, if there is clutter in the room, the energy is definitely not good enough."
It's too ying so it's stagnant.
You want to clear that clutter.
"So if there is certain like heavy piece of furniture, or piece of furniture that you don't like is in the southeast, that's not, not going to give you a very good, supportive energy also."
"So another thing that you, you want to look, you want to see, do you use the room often enough?"
"Even if it's a beautiful room but you don't use it often enough, so the energy becomes stagnant."
So what you want to do is to move the energy.
Hi!
"Another part is you have your turn table, the wheels."
"You're going to remove this as well because for the most part, it's clean."
"You've got it protected by the glass turn table most of the time, so you don't have to worry about this being cleaned."
You also don't want to use harsh chemicals on it.
"Not that we're going to, but you just want to keep it as clean as possible."
We're going to remove it and set it to the side.
We have left our microwave.
"You see we've got some crumbs on the inside here, so we're going to just kind of sweep those out while we get ready for our next step."
"Before we start cleaning, it's always important to remove removable parts."
"Generally, you don't want to keep your metal rack in your microwave unless you're using it."
It can cause problems with the microwave.
"After we finish cleaning this, we're going to put it away instead of keeping it in our microwave."
Let's take this out.
"Next, you're going to take out the glass tray, which enables everything to work on the turn table."
This definitely needs some cleaning.
We're going to clean that separately.
Hitman Blood Money is a registered trademark of IO Interactive a company which with I have no affiliation.
"Okay, so we just saved our game because the hardest part of the level is actually the very first part and it's one of the six gang members that we have to take out and his walking toward us here and what we want to do is literally just push him over the rail as he walks pass."
But the thing is we have to get him close enough to the rail just by kind of nudging him that we can push him in one go without having to initiate the head budded attack which makes noise and makes a blood stain and that likely get attention.
"So, we would just want kind of start walking towards him and nudge him over towards the rail."
"So, we want to get this guy close enough to the rail that we can just push him over and take him out in one go and there we done it and it has to be done quickly because some of the other sailors come around the corner like that guy right there."
"So, if you don't do it in a matter of about one second, you'll actually have to start a fight with the guy and it might be a gun shot and that sailor almost guaranteed to catch you."
You could alternatively not kill that guy right now and try to get him later but that's more trouble than it's worth.
"So, it worth trying to get that right, right out of the gate since it is the very first thing you do in the mission and then that's one least guy you have to worry about."
So now you have a bike.
"It's something that you had in your basement, or you bought it at a yard sale; you didn't get ripped off at a flea market."
"If you look at the the rim, as I mentioned earlier, this this is a true antique."
"It's got a wooden rim, but look at that rim."
"This bike, even in this condition, should not be repainted."
This original paint is worth more like this than it would be if it were repainted.
Over here you see the head badge.
It's a brass head badge; it's got porcelain in it.
"Even though the porcelain is chipped, it is not worth trying to restore that or fix that."
"This bike, even with all this scaling rust, what you should do is clean it up, and we'll talk about that in another series, but what you should do is clean it up."
"The general rule is it's only original once, and it's rarely worth the time and the cost to repaint a bike."
Now you have a bike that you want to do some work on.
"So the question is do you restore it, or do you recondition it?"
It's only original once.
The best way to ruin the value of a bike is to over restore it.
"Repainting will kill a bike's value, unless it's an excellent job, and it'll never be worth the cost to do that kind of a job."
"You have to find decals, silk screens; there's so many things that you have to find after repainting a bike that it's it's rarely worth it, unless it's something like this."
Now this thing looks terrible.
"The paint's all flaking off, obviously, there's funky stuff going on everywhere."
"To really get people to really pay attention to your presentation, bring up themselves."
Everybody likes it when they talk about themselves.
"So there you have it, elements in our daily lives."
Your periodic table.
"Simple presentations, some decorations and don't get me wrong you can add to it up here."
"You can put little things here, you might even put a little clay-do up there, but anything to make it interesting or three dimensional."
"You might even put the clay-do man up here, but there you have."
It's just a very simple science presentation.
You might want to first start off with.
"Hey, do you want to know what you?re made out of?"
"You?re made out of six elements, per say, that are from the table of elements, the periodic table that is."
Did you know that there is oxygen in your body?
"Did you know that you have carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, calcium and phosphorous?"
"All those different combinations make up a human being, which is you and oh, by the way your an animal."
Did you know that?
"So if you point that out to people and show them what your all made out of, it's quite a interesting spectrum and it makes you so human, it really does."
"HARMONIE KRIEGER: So, now we're here on a red carpet makeover and we're going into evening dresses."
"So, we have Patricia, our beautiful model, and what I chose for her was a very sleek black dress, and the top is all sequined, so it brings out your upper body, 'cause she has bone structure, muscles."
It's for any special event.
"So, it could be for a wedding."
"I mean I wear this for a wedding, a cocktail party, anything that's special in your life."
This is another variation and this is called a halter top.
"And I like this because it kinda just lifts me up a little bit too, and blue because I always like to add a little bit of color."
"So, we have a little bit of a different kind of dress."
"This is a party dress and this is more a sexy, sleek, red carpet dress."
"So, you're going to pick the gown that's the best for you."
"Now, everybody has different shapes and sizes."
"It's really hard picking a dress, isn't it?"
"And then, it just flares down at the leg where you see a little bit leg, but not too much."
PATRICIA: Yes.
But I think you did an awesome job and you do look fabulous.
"HARMONIE KRIEGER: Thank you, and I love that on you."
PATRICIA: Yes.
"HARMONIE KRIEGER: So, basically it's what's flattering to your own body."
"Now, always get a second and third opinion because the dress that you may like might not be the one that looks best on you."
"So take a friend, take a relative, and take some pictures, because you always want to see how you look in the camera before you put the dress on."
And I love this look because black is always the sexiest color.
"So, how do you feel in this dress, do you like it?"
PATRICIA: I feel fabulous.
I love it.
HARMONIE KRIEGER: Good.
"Now, this is for sure a red carpet dress."
"Now, the makeover is not just for the red carpet."
The next step in doing a hand massage is for you and your client to sanitize your hands.
You want to use an improved hand sanitizer or you want to use soap and warm water.
The best way to do that is by keeping your hands clean.
That is how you sanitize your hands.
"Make sure that you rub the fronts real good, the backs of the hands also go ahead and rub the wrists."
Make sure that it's nice and clean.
If you need a little extra hand sanitizer go ahead and put some in.
If you're using your sink you always want to make sure you wash your hands for at least a full thirty seconds to a minute.
Once you're hand sanitizer dries up you know you've used it all.
"Again, this one is Germ-X."
"It's what we're using today, but if you have access to soap and water it's best to go ahead and use that."
You want to make sure that if you have an open wound or if your client has a cut on her hand already that she's not going to get infection in it.
So if your going to be walking with your dog on leash in the woods there's a couple of different kinds of leashes you can use.
One important thing you want to find out is if your in public property you going to want to know what the regulations are.
There are some places that have a maximum of leash length of 6 feet and if that's the case you want to have a leash thats approximately this long.
"This is actually a nifty kind of a leash, this leash actually has a collar attached right to it and I show you how this works this means you just have one piece, so you have the leash attached to the collar."
You fit it on the dog like that and you can just slide the keeper close so it fits right around the dogs neck.
This way if the dog is walking nicely with you the leash is comfortable and relaxed and if they we're to pull it will actually close to fit around the size of the size of the dogs neck.
So this will be a good walking leash if your walking in a place there's a regulation about what size it has to be.
If not you can give your dog a little bit more freedom by using a flexier retractable leash.
I'm just going to follow this around to the back section of his head and then when I get ready to do this next corner then next side I'm going to start on this side and then come to the front and I'm gong to work my way back.
Stay tune for our next segment which I'm going to give you a tip on how to blend the longer side into the clipper part.
Okay so now that we have our button off.
We have our needle threaded.
And just pull it.
And you know what?
If you yanked it really hard I bet it would just come right out.
Oh no it doesn't.
Sometimes it'll do that.
You just yank it.
See like that?
It'll come out?
And that's okay.
That's no big deal.
Now I'm going to show you how to sew this button on.
That just means you need to maybe grab a little bit below that hole and come out through the top hole.
So just kind of bypass one hole.
And now it won't come out.
It's stuck in there really good.
So we don't want the knot on the back.
We just want it on the front.
Just pinch a little piece.
And now we're ready to put the thread through the first hole of the button.
Hold it still like this and just put it through one side.
You can run it all the way through and a lot of people make the mistake of forgetting to put it through the second hole and going straight for the fabric.
And we can see the holes from where it was before.
Don't do that.
What you want to do is put it through the second hole.
And there it is.
And I'm just going to hold the button and just gently slide it down the thread to where it's fitting right there and then I'm going to go look where I have the knot and just go right below the knot and stick it through to the other side.
Just do one side at a time.
Now we don't have to do any more catching the front and the back.
So if you look at the back you have the first initial loop.
You just want to put your needle right where the top loop is.
Where it goes in and it comes right out the top hole.
"And if it does that, that's okay."
"And another thing that we want to do before we even get started, you'll look at the other buttons."
You just pull it down.
There you go.
And now we're going to do this again.
And I like to put it in then turn it over and look at the back side at the same time.
So I can make sure that it comes out right where the thread is.
And if you don't get the threads right on top of each other it's okay.
It doesn't make a difference.
It's going to look good no matter what.
"And then again you put it right on top where the thread goes in on top, out the top."
We're almost finished.
"And I can see that the thread is going vertical on this, on these buttons, not horizontal sideways."
I like to do maybe three or four runs through it before I tie it off.
There we go.
And you can look and see if it looks the same width.
I think I'm going to do one more.
To get the same amount of thread on this button as the other button.
We want it to look uniform.
Here we go.
And I think that's just going to be perfect.
"So now what I'm going to do, I want to turn it over and I'm going to tie a knot on the back."
And it's the same type of knot that you tied when you tied off the needle and thread.
So I want to make sure that I sew this button on with the holes top to bottom.
"So what I'm going to do is hold this, hold the thread that's coming from the button."
"Get the needle, just wrap it around."
And you just hold onto this.
And you can pull the thread that has the needle and just keep pulling it and pulling it.
Put your thumb right on top at this point and just keep pulling it and the knot just lowers itself right around the back of the button.
So I've got one knot and I want to put another one.
I like to make sure that that button's going to stay on there.
"So you pull, put your thumb on top, pull away. And now I'm going to clip the thread. I'm just going to clip it maybe like a fourth of an inch from the knot."
Okay so what we want to do is find the holes where they were before.
There we go.
And now we that button sewn on.
And I'm going to put it through the button hole just to make sure everything is lining up and looks right.
Okay.
There we go.
That's simple as that.
And that's how you sew on a button that has two holes.
And next I'm going to show you how to sew on a button that has four holes.
"And just, I'm going to run the needle through the bottom hole and I'm just going to pinch a little piece and come out through the top."
Just like that.
"Waste not what not, ends up being a good directive and it can lead to some exciting art."
"This is a print, a print is a piece of art that has been replicated."
"What I did with this one was, I tore it, rather than cutting it, because the edges of the piece of paper were, themselves, not cut but had a decal edge, is what they call the rougher edges of paper."
"I just tore them in irregular strips and when I laid them out, I found a really cool rhythm starting to build up."
"In other words, I had, it says two of six down here, I made six prints of this, you pull a print."
This is a litho-print.
"I found that it got a little too black and once it gets too black, there's not a lot you can do with it."
"Ink is permanent, you can't take it off, you can't erase it, it's there."
"So, I had these six pieces of paper, it's very nice quality paper."
"I like the quality of the blacks and I really like some of the texture, of the washes that happened, but the design itself isn't doing a whole lot."
What are you going to do with your art?
"You can take pieces that don't work for you and see if you can bring them together, in another way, to make a piece of art."
"Your feet will actually become like your hands, like playing baseball, basketball, whatever, you just get used to the ball so it comes right at you."
"When they say dribbling or the defender is on a breakaway, watch him go, what he's doing as he goes on the field is he's dribbling the ball from one foot to the other, from one foot."
"He might switch and use the outside of his foot to do a little fake, come to the other side, maybe use the outside of his foot again."
"OK, so this will be a little demonstration of me dribbling the ball."
"So I'll set here, I'll have the ball, I'll be dribbling around, I might kick it with my right foot, I might kick it with my left, I might switch it back, I might kick it between my leg and spin it on the defender."
"You know, whatever it may take, I might fake it and go back to the outside, step over it again, well basically you're just sitting there, you're keeping control, you're watching the ball, you know where the ball goes itself."
And that's what they call dribbling.
"Just like in basketball, basketball players use their hands."
Soccer players use their feet.
"Tip number one, for determining your signature scent."
"Number one, start by going to your local bookstore or newsstand and picking up a whole bunch of magazines."
Pick through the magazine and flip through to try and find as many perfume samples as you can.
"Once you've found as many as you can, tear them all out."
"And, open them each up individually."
"Begin, by just smelling the page."
"And, then if you like you can run the perfume sample onto your wrist behind your ear or anywhere else where your body tends to get warm."
"This will help you determine, if you like the perfume on your body."
Fashion magazines are the best place to find perfume samples.
"For men, choose Details and Esquire."
Magazines like that will have men oriented perfumes.
"For women, any kind of magazine."
"Vogue, El, Etc."
will all have plenty of women oriented perfume samples.
Once you've got the magazine and make sure you buy them.
"Because, newsstands don't take kindly to people tearing out their samples on the street."
Today we're going to talk about how to pick out and care for a good celery plant.
"This one right here, it looks pretty good."
Don't forget about watering them.
"It's very important that you water them, at least once a day, or every two days."
You can use any basic fertilizer.
Miracle-Gro fertilizer is going to be good for just about anything.
It's going to make them a lot bigger.
It should help them grow faster.
You definitely want to look at the tags on these because it's going to tell you how long it's going to take for them to grow and how much space you should put in between them.
This one says about six to eight inches in between.
So they're going to get a little big so you want to give them a little bit of room to grow.
And you can plant them in any kind of basic potting mix or garden soil.
It's got a plant in each little spot for the four pack.
"If you're going to put them in the ground you definitely want to use soil, if you're going to put them in a container, use a good potting mix."
You really want to look for that.
You don't want to buy one that's missing one.
"It looks pretty green, there's no black spots or yellow on any of the leaves or anything."
That one looks really good right there.
This particular variety takes ninety to one hundred and twenty days to fully mature.
So you want to get them started pretty early in the season.
You have to plant these in full sun and you have to water them.
Hi!
I'm Dr. Eric Sayer from Sayer Family Chiropractic.
You'll cause other problems.
Ice for the first 48 hours.
20 minutes on and an hour off.
It's common also to go to heat after the first 48 hours.
Stay with ice pretty strictly for the first 48 hours.
"After that, a combination treatment works very well."
"20 minutes of ice, 20 minutes of heat, and then take an hour off."
The way I explain is it's just a way to shock the body into healing that part of itself faster.
"The heat also is a way to bring new blood and nutrition to the area so it helps the person heal, but not during the first 48 hours."
"In this segment, we're going to be talking about ice to treat strained backs."
"Definitely just ice for 20 minutes, take an hour off."
It's very simple.
You place it on the injured area.
"Don't leave it too long, otherwise you're cause other types of problems."
"The other thing is after is that after any type of strain, you want to be icing for the first 48 hours."
Don't go directly to heat.
"Alright, we're ready to move on to Roman Numeral II, dramatic action."
And we're going to look at A first.
The major conflict is the inner struggle between his psychiatrist to make him normal or let him be free.
That is the major conflict.
"And that is what everything in the play, all the decisions in the play, are about this one major issue that has to resolved within the play."
And sometimes it takes a little while to find that major conflict.
"So, you may know, it may be obvious, you may have it right now, or you may want to come back to it."
And A is major conflict over question mark.
Now sometimes you may have to come back to this.
The major conflict is what is the biggest conflict in the play?
What drives the whole play?
"Every play, every movie, every character, has major conflict, which is the big one and a lot of little minor conflicts along the way."
"But, when you're analyzing a play, you have to answer ""what is the major conflict?"""
"I'm going to jump back to ""Equus."""
"In ""Equus,"" the major conflict is not that Alan blinded the horses and is in trouble."
In this clip we're going to talk about how to clean a trophy.
"And basically what we're going to use, we got a little trophy here, that's got a little dust on it, it's been sitting on the shelf for a while."
Now the walnut itself is going to get a little dusty and you might want to use just some ordinary household furniture polish which you can find anywhere.
"And just apply a little bit to your, again we use a paper towel, you can use a soft cloth if you wish and just a little bit of the furniture polish, not very much."
"Then just very gently wipe the dust off and rub the furniture polish into the wood, and it will give it a nice shine and look as good as new."
Actually there are more ways not to clean a trophy than there are to clean a trophy.
What we're going to use is just your basic household paper towel.
And we're going to use a cleaning solution which is basically your average window cleaner.
We try not to use anything with any alcohol or any solvent in it.
"And we don't want to spray it directly onto to trophy, we want to spray it onto our cloth and then just very gently wipe off the dust."
There's not much on here but the important thing is not to use any harsh solvent and just wipe the dust off gently.
And that's all there is to that.
"Certain types of trophies are going to require, of course a little bit more special care, such as this cup with a solid walnut base."
"Hi, I'm Bobby Larew."
Right now we're going to focus on our legs.
What you're going to do from here is jump.
"As you jump, you're just going to squeeze your feet together."
"When you come back down to the floor, again, spread the legs."
"Okay, I'm going to demonstrate for you."
"Second, if you've got a chair around or maybe some stairs, you can do a couple of stair raises."
"Very simple. Put your left foot up on the chair or the stair, and all your going to do is push up."
"Okay, I would alternate in sets on both these exercises doing three sets of about twenty."
"Alright, and those are just a few things you can do to strengthen your leg muscles."
"When it comes to strength conditioning, a lot of people think the calves are the most important part of jumping."
They're not.
It's actually this part of your legs right here.
That's why Michael Jordan can jump so well.
So I've got a couple of things that you can do to strengthen your leg muscles.
"Alright, first thing and my favorite is just squat jumps."
"When you do a squat jump, you want your feet about shoulder width apart."
"Okay, you're going to lower yourself down, keeping your back straight, pushing the butt to the floor."
"Hi, my name is Elliot Kwong."
So what if I want to learn how to do jumps?
"I recommend that you start with something small, maybe like a garden hose."
You place it on the ground and you practice jumping over it.
Here we have a garden hose.
We're just going to put this on the ground right here.
So what you can do before you jump over the hose is just try jumping with you and the scooter.
"And when you jump, try to keep your feet with the board so that when you're feet jump so does the board and the feet stay with the board, they jump together."
Hi!
"I'm Simone Fisher and I'm here at Clearwater Ice Arena in sunny Clearwater, Florida."
Hi!
My name is Bill Shanks and I'm going to demonstrate for you a Half Lutz jump.
"When doing a Half Lutz jump, what you're doing is you're taking off from the left outside back edge and the right toe."
"You're going to jump, turn one half rotation in the air from here."
You're going to jump up and land on the opposite toe and step forward.
"Well, in order for the colony to be full of brood and honey and nectar and the eggs the queen has laid, it takes a couple of months for that to happen."
"The queen can lay 1,500 to 2,000 eggs in a day, so she's really active, this time of the year especially."
You get to the springtime of the year and the colony is expanding.
The queen wants to lay a lot of eggs so the colony will be strong for the summer.
"In the spring, up north for instance, if you start a beehive with a package of bees, and you can buy packaged bees, about $60.00 for a package of bees, three pounds of bees with a queen, you do that in the spring, like in April or May and then by the time you do that in early April, by the time you get to June and things start blooming, the colony has some pretty good strength, if you've fed then and they're in good condition."
"O.k., we're talking about motorcycle safety and safety equipment and different options that you have."
Let's get a little more in depth with you on safety equipment and your options.
"They are very very, very very strictly regimented track race safety material."
I brought them out just because I thought they'd be fun for you to look at and then give you a little bit more information on what you are looking at when it comes to safety gear and what you can look for to buy when you're ready for the track.
These are what is called a racing suit.
They're for advanced riders.
"They are a full race suit, two piece race suit actually."
You have different options but they are strictly leather.
We have a perforated leather over here for you to show you and a full leather.
They do zip at the waist.
They do have your full body armor on them.
"And that is from wrist to above elbow and from below elbow to shoulder and a full back plate with full leg plate, full knee part on them which means that you have your knee armor."
We're going over how to take measurements to have a custom dress made.
And the next measurement that we're going to go over is the shoulder to waist measurement.
"This helps when, if you're not exactly certain where the most narrowest part of your waist is."
Going from shoulder to belly button will also help.
"This will help the designer know, or pattern maker, whoever is making your dress, know actually how long your torso is."
Some people are a little bit longer torso than others; some are a little bit shorter.
"What you want to do is go a head and mark with a, you can mark it with a string or some pins exactly where you take the waist measurement from, which is the narrowest point of your body."
Just go a head and make sure that you have marked evenly.
"The next, this will head you being able to take shoulder to waist measurement."
Now you will go from the top of the shoulder at an angle to the center of the waist measurement or the center of the waist.
Now this will give you the proper measurement.
Sometimes seamstresses will ask for shoulder to belly button.
"All right, in this section, I'm going to explain to you step five of the breath stroke."
"Now, this is going to be your upper body that you're going to use."
"So when you're doing it, it's going to be just like this, okay?"
So you're in prayer position.
"This is your starting point, right here."
"Not open hands, not out like this; just really close to the body; tight, in prayer position."
"What you're going to want to do is your hands are going to want to be not open-handed; you're going to want them actually closed, and in a prayer position."
"And you're going to be like this right in the center of your chest, so not in the lower part of your chest, and not up here, just right on the center."
"So again, closed hands; no open gaps, right; prayer position, thumbs in like this, and then you're just aiming like in the chest."
"So, you're going to be like this when you're doing breath stroke, to start off, in prayer position."
And that's step five when you're beginning the breath stroke.
"In this section of the breath stroke it's a continuation of step five, and it's going to be the way you're going to place your hands."
"So again, remember, no open hands, Make sure that they're closed like prayer position, and it's close to the chest, okay?"
"So, when you start off doing breath stroke, I showed you how to do your legs, and you want to make sure that your arms are like this under the water."
Alright so what your going to do to get started is just step on the machine and it's okay if it starts to sink not a problem.
You can either press any of the workouts the quick starts usually my favorite and then you just start stepping.
"Now for every machine is different so you just have to take the first couple of seconds to see whether you want to increase your levels, which will increase the intensity."
"Usually meaning the speed but you can also decrease as well for this machine you can press different numbers to figure out how many calories you've burn, how fast your going, how many flights of stairs you've done, as well as the distance that you gone."
"Press stop when your done and just letting it sink to the bottom, carefully step off making sure you don't trip on anything and that's it."
Mulching your perennial border is a important thing for a couple of different reasons; one it helps to stop weeds from approaching.
So think about things that you can use around your yard or around your house.
I often use my compose as mulch in my vegetable gardens.
Even ripped up newspapers can work great cause the mulch in your vegetable garden will help keep weeds down.
"Remember why we are using the mulch, if it is just to make it look good, then you are going to want to spend some money."
But if you are just looking to keep weeds down then hay even black plastic is going to go a long way for keeping your garden mulch.
As you can see here we got some weeds that are starting to creep in the garden.
Well one of the ways that we can help discourage that is a with a good healthy coating of mulch.
"We just shake some mulch out in the area, spread it around, because I don't have too many plants right here I can put it down in a fairly thick level."
That is really going to help surprise the weeds and even the grass from growing back into that area.
I'm using cider mulch here cause it is near my house but you can use lots of other different types of mulch.
Out here in my back yard I have a liberal supplied of pine needles. Thanks for the pine tree I put over my hedge here these guys are not so much use to here in the north east but I know a lot of people down south are really fond of using my needles and you can even find them in a bag mulch down here.
"But my thought is make even with the sunshine and middest well make pine needles mulch, when the pine needles drop them."
"Hi, my name is Lauren and today I am going to discuss how to spike thick hair."
Spiking thick hair because of the heaviness of it will start when you first get your hair cut.
So you can kind of spike everything up using these hard hold gels.
You can also use hard hold hair sprays in order to get them to stay.
There is also a corporation called Spiker's Gel which make a bit of the stronger hold gels in order to help maintain and help coarser hair and fuller and thicker hair stand up and actually spike.
And that is how to spike coarse hair.
There is something called thinning shears or notching shears and they actually have these little serrated edges on the one side.
So it actually just simply removes bulk from the hair.
"If you have your stylist use these, once you are trying to style your hair and spike it, it will remove some of that weight and make your job easier."
"Now, once you are at home what you are going to do is use a blow dryer and blow your hair straight up as far up as you can get it."
There are heavier products that you want to use.
Some are a little bit more thread like and kind of help it attach.
Also you can use very hard gels.
"You want something with strong hold in order to really keep the spikes up and to work with that little bit of that coarser, fuller hair style."
"So our next exercise is very similar to what we just did, the plank."
We're going to add on to that and it's going to be the around the world pushups.
Bring your nose towards the mat.
Press up on the left side and all the way up.
So you're making a big circle so you can get all into those shoulders and get those cuts.
"Again, left side."
Come over.
Press down.
Bring your nose to the center.
Press and lift all the way up.
Good again.
So you're going to go around the world on the right side.
So you're going to come onto your hands and knees just like you did before.
Hinge over.
Good.
Bend down.
Bring your nose through the center.
Press up on the left side and back in.
Again.
Now you're going to reverse it.
Bring to the left.
Press down all the way.
Bring that nose to that mat.
"Wide, wide hands."
Press.
Exhale to lift.
So you brought this important here.
Use your breath.
One more right.
Down through center.
Press and lift and again.
And left.
Down through center and down.
"So if you're not as strong as Mark is here, you can bend your knees down and do girl pushups and do it the same exact way."
Same rules apply.
So keep those hips forward.
"Again, bend over towards the right side."
Come down through center.
Press up for left and lift.
Still keeping the navel scooped in.
Keeping the shoulders pressed away from the ears and press all the way up.
Press back to child's pose.
Give yourself a good stretch.
Heels towards the butt.
Our next clip will be arabesque pulls.
Extend those legs out so you're in your push up position.
"So from here, it's going to start with that rock."
You're going to rock towards the right side.
Stay on that right side.
You're going to push down.
Another tool that's very handy when you're working with a coated breed dog is scissors.
Lot of different types of scissors.
Make sure that the scissors are balanced and comfortable in your hand.
"These scissors can be used for trimming around the eyes, trimming around the face, trimming around the feet."
It's important that you've got a comfortable pair that's manageable in your hand.
They do make left handed scissors.
"Again, I'm left handed, but I've learned to do everything with right hand."
"For those of you who are left handed and really need to be left handed, they do make left handed scissors and so you can find them."
Another pair of scissors we've got here are the thinning shears.
"Again, you want to get a pair that is comfortable in your hand."
There's many different types.
I'm going to show you 2 types.
This is just your straight regular scissors.
It's actually a straight blade.
It's a relatively straight blade in this type of scissor.
"Depending on what you're comfortable working with, you can get longer bladed scissors."
You want to make sure that when you're picking out your scissors you try a bunch of different pair and make sure that the action is comfortable and smooth.
This a nice pair of scissors.
These scissors are probably 30 years old.
Now we're on to the next step.
It's a whole grain rice as you can see here.
What's nice about jasmine rice is it's got nice flavor.
It cooks relatively easily and evenly.
First thing we need to do is take our rice and rinse it.
It's important to always rinse your rice.
"Because when you're cooking rice, you want to remove any of the excess starch that may have occurred when the rice has been rubbing against itself in shipment."
Just going to set that aside and let it drain.
"In the mean time, in our pot we're going to add an equal amount of water."
"With jasmine rice, it's one part water to one part rice."
"I'm cooking a cup and a half of rice, so I need a cup and a half of boiling water."
Now we're going to prepare one of the condiments to go with our salmon and today that's rice.
"And we take our element, turn it up to max, let the water boil."
In the mean time let's make sure that we have drained our rice thoroughly.
Now there's many different kinds of rice.
Every country in the world practically grows rice where there's any kind of a warm tropical climate.
"Today, I've decided to choose jasmine rice."
Jasmine rice is a Thai rice.
Comes from Thailand.
It's a little more flavorful.
"It's kind of the, part of the family of sweet rices."
"So a very good way of helping yourself to remember your dreams better on a consistent basis, is to keep a dream journal."
"So I would advise you to, if you don't already have one, go out and by yourself a nice little book or something that you can have as your dream journal."
"Make this something very special because, again, when your dreams realize that you're paying attention to them, you're taking notice of them, you'll find that they'll come more and you'll be able to remember them more easily."
"So you get that dream journal, you put it by your bed."
"If you can find a pen with a little flashlight or a little light on it, so that you can have those two things by your bed anytime and start keeping that journal of your dreams."
You might find that there are some things which you dream about on a consistent basis like recurring dreams or you might take note of what certain symbols mean to you personally.
So we'll be talking little bit more and analyzing a specific dream in the next few clips.
"Hello, I'm Robert Nizza, with the BTI Group, in San Francisco."
"The topic today, is selling your small business."
Please don't work with people that do not have experience with transactions.
"If it's a family lawyer, or a family account that never does business deals, it's exactly like going to a foot doctor, to have brain surgery."
"You want to work with people skilled with transactions, so number one, is determining, what's the value of your business?"
"Number two, would be hiring a business broker, or perhaps an attorney, somebody like that, that has transaction experience, having a contract with that person to represent you."
That person will then package your business.
What's the vital information for your business?
Are there some financial statements?
"Hopefully, there are, because it's very hard for a buyer to get interested in the business, if there is no numbers for the business."
"Are there any special permits, or are there any leases?"
Is it a retail store that is highly dependent on the lease?
"This is quite a wide topic, so I'm just going to give you some bullet points, to start off with."
What are the lease amounts?
Those can go into the package.
"If it's a liquor store, or a bar, or something like that, that requires an ABC license, that of course, should be in the package."
"Once the package is complete, now your representative is ready to show your business to buyers, so as a business broker, I would advertise your business on a bunch of websites, that I know."
"I'd also tell my fellow agents about your business, so that they can tell the people that they know, all in a confidential way, about your business."
Get them excited about it.
"Then, if we do get a buyer, we write an offer."
"Once the offer is agreed upon, people agree on the price and the various terms and contingencies, then we go through the due diligence process, and if that goes well, you can close the deal."
Those are the real steps to selling your small business.
"Probably the most important thing by far, including price, or whatever, is your true motivation, for wanting to sell the business."
Are you just looking to get money?
or are you looking to retire?
Spend more time with the grandkids?
"Rent a sailboat, and go around the Caribbean for a few months?"
"Your true motivation is a key thing, because the last thing you want to do, is not be motivated, and get into a deal, only to back out of the deal, at the last minute, so assuming you are motivated, the first thing you probably want to do, is go to a person that you trust, to start thinking about what is the business worth."
"I strongly recommend talking to people that have a lot of experience, not just one deal in the last ten years, or even three deals in the last ten, but somebody who works in the industry, so either a business broker, or a transaction attorney, an accountant who has a lot of experience with transactions."
We're going to come into the sidekick.
"Now this one really works the shoulders, but I'm also going to be massaging the inside of the leg."
"So first thing you want to do is lift up the leg, and you do want it long, you want a knee to be not locked, but engaged."
And I'm going to start slowly making circles.
This is going to show me how far out I can take that leg.
"So I'm going to slowly roll it down, and then when I see, okay that's how far she can go without pushing it too long, I kind of rest her leg in the crook of my foot right there."
"I'm going to take this hand, steady here, fingertips pointing down, as I start palming the inside of that thigh, back and forth, feels really nice."
"Now you're not squeezing, you're just gentle pressure down, perfect."
"Hand underneath the knee, hand underneath the heel, and gently bring it in."
Now we're going to be talking about contraindications for hot stone massage.
"As in any other body work, there are contraindications."
And anyone that's trying to get hot stone should know that some conditions are contraindicated.
Next we'll be talking about the benefits of hot stone.
"And for hot stone, here is as follows."
"Anyone with high blood pressure, taking any medication that might react with heat, open wounds or sores, inflamed skin conditions, diabetes and neuropathy, which is numbness and tingling of the peripherals."
Also contraindicated is pregnancy.
"During pregnancy, a hormone called relaxin is increased which lengthens and softens the tissue of the body and prepares it for birth."
The increased heat from the stones and the deep tissue work can further lengthen these tissues making it problematic for after birth when the tissues are trying to shorten.
"As a therapist, you should be very thorough in your intake process."
Learn as much as you can about the client's health history.
And telling you this is helping us educate people about hot stone.
"You know, public speaking is one of those items that so many people get afraid of."
There's such a fear to public speaking.
"But today, what we're going to do is address some of the different things that you can do."
"For example, you can be a corporate speaker which would go into the actual corporate offices and you're involved in doing training programs or you're just doing motivational speaking or helping the others raise up their expectations."
"The other type is network speaking where you're going to be going into networking mixers and you'll be there and you'll be your keynote speaker and you may have to speak anywhere from 10 minutes to 30 minutes, just depending on the venue that you're working with."
"And then you have, of course, associations and clubs and all the other varieties of speaking."
The ultimate in public speaking would be if you're a keynote speaker that travels into a major hotel to where you'll have thousands of people in the audience and you'll be the one on stage that's there to move them through a journey in public speaking.
Ok. We're going to go ahead and take off the rubber band and we're going to just follow along the line of our part.
Now when it comes to these spiral braids it can be a little bit tricky on keeping your braid centered.
"Once you have that done, you just have to follow along the lines."
So what we want to do is just make sure we keep grabbing from the outside and then grabbing from the middle.
So right now we're grabbing from the very outside and just adding to it.
"But now we want to grab from the stash of hair that's in the middle, just to kind of keep it in line."
"And make sure that you're checking the tightness of your braid, that's also very important on keeping it aligned."
"But it's just like any other braid, you just grab and go under, you just grab and go under."
"And as we'll go back, you see how the braid is staying in the middle."
And we're just going to go along here and create a nice swirl.
The key to this is strictly in the parting.
"Hi, my name is Rachel and I'm the owner of austinstylewatch.com street fashion site, and I'm also a freelance fashion reporter, and today we're going to talk about how to choose the right neck line for your body."
So first we're going to go over a couple of different types of necklines.
If you have a long face something like a turtle neck can help make that long face look a little more round.
"If you have a very round face, a v-neck could kind of help take away from that and bring some length down to it."
"So, the next thing we're going to talk about, I talked about face, now we're going to talk about bust. So, if you're large busted things that work for you are going to be strapless, and also the boat neck because the look of the neck attracts to the chest but doesn't accentuate or minimize it."
It works well for the area.
"If you're a large busted woman, and you have to watch out on this that you don't get it a cut a little too low, but a v-neck can compliment the bust very well."
You just have to make sure you don't get anything that cuts down so far that you're having a lot of cleavage showing.
The v-neck also works really well to minimize the shoulders.
"If you have a broad shoulder, it kind of always looks like you're wearing shoulder pads, a v-neck can take the eye down the center of you, rather than so much on the shoulders."
"Finally, we're going to talk a little more on the turtle neck, and the turtle neck's another nice one that's a conservative choice for large busted women because it helps cover up a little more."
First one I'm wearing here is a strapless.
"So, you get that look there."
"All right, so, to review you have a v-neck, boat neck, turtle neck and strapless."
And that's how to match the best neckline with your body.
"Second we're going to talk about here is a v-neck. It ""v's"" down. Third we're going to talk about is a boat neck, and that just kind of cuts from shoulder to shoulder; sort of that '80's kind of look."
And the final one we're going to talk about today is a turtle neck.
It goes high up on the neck.
"So, these different cuts flatter different types of head shapes, face shapes and bust lines."
"So, we're going to talk about what's kind of advantageous for each type."
"It's funny, we care so much more about our cars then our bodies."
"You can switch out a car and buy a new car every four years, I think the average is, and this is the one body I get for this experience, this life, this is it and so why we don't take more time in choosing what we want to put in it, it surprises me."
I'm talking about myself as well.
"I'm going to try and think a little bit more, stay a little more present, do a little more research before we just put the hamburger in our stomachs, and then we don't feel good the rest of the day and we can't figure out why."
"Everyone that I've introduced raw foods to, they say the same thing."
They can't believe that that raw food could taste like this.
I think that they just thought that it was going to be an apple or something.
"Nothing wrong with an apple, but as you can see, there's lots more we can do."
"Okay, we're going to add a nice Medjool date. These are beautiful dates, wow. They're so sweet and really soft. I find that, from my own personal experience, that when I buy things in volume and I'm not a very small little business here, and so I don't buy volume very often, but I have bought dates in volume."
They just don't seem to have the same flavor as when I buy just a handful of them at my favorite health market.
"So, that's kind of one of the reasons the expense seems to be so high."
"There's a supplier for the restaurants, and I will not mention them, and they supply almost every restaurant I've ever been in the back room and I find this company name and it's just not quality."
"You can taste it, and wherever they've cut corners where they could, they did."
You can taste the difference.
We are getting ready to paint a picture.
"But to do that, you need something to look at as a reference guide."
"If I want the back view, I have one here."
So it's nice to have a lot of choices of pictures to choose from because it can make your painting a lot more interesting.
You don't want three pictures of three pansies looking right at you.
"You want a little natural variation, like they are when they grow."
"We see them from all different angles, so you have to paint them from all different angles."
"So when you're picking out a study, whether it's flowers or animals or a scenery picture or anything like that, you need at least a picture of a painting or a picture of an actual scene to go by."
Because to sit down and look at a plain bank of porcelain and start painting can be pretty intimidating.
So it's just a reference guide.
"When I'm painting flowers, I like to use real photographs of flowers because they're much looser and much more natural when they're the real thing."
You can also paint from live flowers in a vase.
"But when you're picking it out, a lot of people will find a picture, trace it."
"Which you can do, that's fine."
You can trace it on and then you just paint in the flowers and the leaves.
"When I'm doing flowers, I usually do it freehand, but I like to have different poses of the flowers to look at."
"So I have several snapshots, and I look through them, and if I want a side view of a flower, I might use this one."
"And when I want the front view, I might use this one."
"Okay, some of the advantages.... We're going to prepare this speech ahead of time, word-for-word, prior to committing it to memory, so this will allow us to devote quite a bit of attention to style."
How do we want to write this?
I'm not limited to being just behind the podium.
So those are some of the advantages of speaking from memory.
"What is the style that we are going to use to memorize, to present this speech?"
"Also, you can review and eliminate any potential problems that could come up in the future."
We're writing it out word-for-word.
"We see ahead of time, ""Hey, I can see how this can be misconstrued,"" or, ""Oh, I think people will reject that."""
So you can fix it ahead of time where those things are harder to fix when you are on your feet.
"Also, by having a speech committed to memory, some of the positives include eye contact."
"I'm not having to look at a paper, again, kind of like an impromptu, so I can make really good eye contact and I can also move around."
"I have the freedom to gesture without having to have a piece of paper in my hand or a note card, and I can walk around."
Standing in the moving water or white water is something you should never try and do.
Anytime that you're moving down stream and you're moving past the riverbed you shouldn't try and stand up.
"If you try and search for footing when you're unstable and moving the potential of getting a foot caught in between two boulders and then getting into what we call a foot entrapment, where that limb is caught and folds you down on your face or even on your back."
And that creates an extremely difficult situation to rescue yourself and others from.
"However, there are times when you're out there in the river swimming around, if you're stable, it's Okay to stand up."
"For example, if you swim in behind a large boulder and you get into the eddy, as long as you're stable out in the middle there, it's okay to search for footing as long as you're not moving around."
"Likewise, on the side of the river where it's shallow and slow moving, as long as it's no deeper than your knee you should be okay to stand."
The one other time that it's okay to stand and walk around is if you're conducting a wading maneuver and you're taking it very slowly and carefully.
"Now we're going to finish the decoration, by filling in the traced outline of the image that we did."
"The best thing to do is to continue using markers, because it works best on the plastic, and don't try to use any kind of paints, or any kind of thick markers that go on that might weigh the plastic down."
"They'll actually be able to spot it, and see it a lot better."
"So, now we've finished putting in the color on our image, and we can see what a big difference it makes."
So now I've shown you how to finish coloring your kite with permanent markers.
The best is to use just standard permanent markers.
It goes on great on the plastic.
"What's good about this step is that it takes a while to do the image, obviously depending on what type of image you want to make, but it also is very helpful when doing a project, and you're on some type of time schedule."
"So, this is a great part of the project that can be easily manipulated."
"If you wanted the project to be drawn out over a couple hours, or break it up into a few days this is really the step that can help you do that, by giving them more opportunities to make some type of decoration on the kite."
"If you want to make it a little quicker, what you can do is you can take the plastic yourself, and you can make the outline, and have it ready for them, so all they have to do is just come and fill in the colors."
"So, this step is a key step in the kite making when you're organizing projects for kids, or anybody for that matter, and it helps you really stick to a type of time schedule that meets your needs."
"Now obviously, the more colors you use the nicer the outcome will be, and also the nicer effect it will have once it's flying."
"So, if you're going to fence competitively, in a USFA competition, that holds true in the United States, there are some regulations that differ in Europe and other countries, but for USFA this is everything you're going to need."
"First, one mask."
"Of course, your jacket."
Your jacket has no minimum regulations as far as how many newtons it needs to have.
"But it does have to have a strap at the bottom; that used to be optional; it's not anymore, you need this handy strap."
Glove - you need one glove.
You might want two gloves.
"There are gloves that have Velcro cuffs that allow the body cord to pass through, so that's not a bad idea."
"Again, you want to size your glove properly before ordering."
Your Lame; a Lame in good working order that's going to pass a test.
"You need that for foil, you also need a sabre one for a sabre."
Your Plastron; you're required extra underarm protection.
"The mask has to pass FIE regulations; that means that first of all the bib has to be sewn in, you can't have a snap in bib and it also has to sustain a certain amount of pressure, I think its 12 kilograms."
And also if you're a woman your added chest plate added protection.
"If you're a man, you need that cup, not that cup, but the right cup."
And other optional equipment is your chest plate for a man.
"In addition to these items, you need a pair of pants; they have to be white."
They have to pass the 4-inch overlap rule.
If it doesn't sustain a certain amount of pressure when it's being tested at the competition it doesn't matter if it actually is FIE it still doesn't fly.
So it's not a bad idea to have a spare helmet along with you.
Next you need two electric weapons.
"I have two Epee's here, if you're fencing foil, obviously you're going to need two electric foils that are in good working order."
"You bring two because, of course, nothing is foolproof, and electric weapons, like everything else, on occasion, do occasionally fail."
"Next, two working body cords."
"For the same reason, bring two with you."
"Hi, I'm Kelli."
I'm an aesthetician and makeup artist at Ultra Salon and Cosmetics and I'm going to give you some tips on how you can fight oily skin.
You can also use mattifying products.
This is a mattifier.
You can actually take this and pat it.
I will even just take a little bit and pat it here on her nose.
You can even do this over makeup and basically it's just going to help to soak up any shine and keep her really nice and matte all day.
And another thing that you can do is use a really good oil-free foundation and oil-absorbing powders as well.
So those are some things that you can do to help fight oily skin.
One of the easiest things that you can do to help with oily skin is actually use a really good hydrator.
"Many people with oily skin are really against using a moisturizer and what happens a lot of times is people with oily skin are always using stripping products, trying to strip all the oil out of the skin."
So in turn what happens then is it strips your skin of all its natural oils and tricks your skin into thinking that it's dry.
"So in turn, your skin actually produces more oil."
"So you can really balance that out just by using a really good hydrator which is an oil-free, water-base moisturizer that's going to balance the oil and water content in the skin and help kind of keep that oily skin in check."
Another thing that you can do is use anything with salicylic acid in it.
Salicylic acid is a really great product for oily skin.
"It's a beta-hydroxy acid, helps to pull any impurities out of the pores and helps to control the oil."
Hi I'm Ann Myrick and today we're going to talk about outfitting your powder room.
This is a small little powder room.
You want to be sure that your powder room is really clean.
"You want to clean around your toilet, you want, when people come in, friends, people are going to, this is where your guests are going to go so you want to be sure that your powder room is very clean, toilet is cleaned out."
You want to have extra toilet paper.
"We have a basket in here and the basket, I have magazines along with several rolls of toilet paper so if you are having a party and you are in the other room and somebody needs to come in they can find the toilet paper or whatever they need and not have to hunt you down."
Then also fun rug.
This is a great rug that we found.
It has a lot of color and it just adds fun zip.
"You want to be sure if you have a rug in your bathroom or wherever you have little throw rugs that they have a rubber gripper on them for the guests or a family member is not going to slide so just go into your powder room and see if there is everything in it that you need to be able to wash your face, wash your hands, go to the bathroom and just have fun decorating your room."
This is Ann Myrick and that is how to outfit your powder room.
It has a great fun color in it.
Things you want to think about is you want a nice size mirror.
You want bright lights so people can come in and check their makeup.
Sometimes people will put dimmers in it because they like the mood of a darker powder room also so you could have dimmers in your lights.
You want to be sure that it has the things that you need in a powder room.
"You want fresh towels, a lot of times if you are having a group those little paper towels are nice because you can use it and some people are funny about using the same towel so you could put some of those little paper hand towels out and then just use it and throw it away."
You want to be sure that you have soap. I would say in here we have just one of these just little plastic bottles but I would say that for your powder room when you have guests you might want to have just a really nice pretty dispenser because we don't have a lot in this powder room and you don't want a whole lot but what you have in here you want it to be special and pretty so for these little utilitarian bottles you might want to get something that is a little bit nicer.
"OK, ready golf means when you've hit your ball, and you're getting ready to hit the next ball, whether you're riding in a cart, or walking, you should already be thinking what you should be doing."
"So that way, when you get to the ball, you already have the right club picked out, and you're ready to hit the ball."
"So, ready golf is really a serious part of good golf etiquette, it means, and it's good for your game, because you're getting a rhythm, and you're not waiting all the time."
"So, be courteous to the people that are behind you, and be courteous to your group, and be ready to play every time."
"One of the biggest problems in golf today, is people are like, well I don't know what club to use, so they go and grab twenty different clubs, and then they talk with their friends, and then they get a swing lesson, so golf is taking too much time to play."
"So if your time is valuable, as I think everybody's is, be ready to hit the ball when you get to it."
"And that way, you'll be hitting the ball, you'll get a nice rhythm going, and the round will be that much faster."
"So, ready golf is a good part of etiquette."
"So, if you're playing with a foursome, each player should have their shots already planned in their minds so they all fan out and go to their balls."
"Instead of you go to one player's ball, and then you go to the next player's, and the player's, and the next player's."
"Because every time you waste five minutes, time is four shots per hole, times eighteen holes, you can play, it can take you seven hours to play."
"So, who has time for that?"
"Upright Rows of the Cable Pulley System is a good way to engage biceps, triceps and shoulders."
"We're going to work on a straight bar here, choosing the weight that will fatigue the muscle in ten to fifteen reps."
"Feet are going to be hip width apart, slight bend in the elbows, and you want your palm, the back of your hand and your elbow and your wrist to line up."
We're going to contract up with an exhale.
We want to pull it so everything is nice and align.
"There's no reason to come back here, we want muscle over momentum in the movement and release."
"Big inhale, exhale in the contraction, boom, that's point right there, elbows straight out to the side and release. Keeping a nice contraction in the edge, to keep your gravity from pulling you forward or letting the weight pull you backward and release."
"Nice, smooth two count up, two count down and working ten to fifteen reps, one to three sets."
"Hi. Next, I'm going to talk about what makes a good bulb bad the good, bad and the ugly when it comes to flower bulbs."
"So, mold is not a flower bulb's best friend."
"And mold happens when they get too wet, and so it's part of like they're decaying or rotting process."
This is a peony root that got wet at the farmers market and you can tell it has just got mold all over it.
"But there is a silver lining. Most people would say, ""I'm throwing it away. It's got mold on it,"" but look, there's an eye right here on it and it's still good."
"So, if you threw it away you're losing a $10-plant. Even if one of the eyes here is soft and mushy, it's no good."
"So, what I just do--see? It's still fleshy like a potato. I just rip this off 'cause it's the eyes that matter, not the roots and get rid of that and you still have a good plant."
"So, there's no need to always throw away every single plant you have just because there's little bit of mold. Mold is not the end of the world."
"You can always put a little bit of bleach water on it or you can even dirt. I just rub a little bit of dirt on some moldy spots and all of a sudden, the bulb seems fine and the bulb itself is not damaged, it's just the covering."
"For example--let's see, I've got a Tulip here and it's got a little bit of a moldy spot but if I rub some dirt on it, it seems to come right off."
"So actually, if I would have went ahead and planted that, it would still be just fine. So, that doesn't always mean that the bulb is bad even if there's a little bit of mold."
"Next, watch our segment number two on what to do with moldy flower bulbs."
"There are a lot of things that can happen to your bulbs when they're stored. I found bulbs under a table three years later, it was a Calla Lily bulb, and I planted it in the summertime and it came right up and bloomed beautifully."
"I've bought Tulips, put them in a plastic bag and threw them in the back of the trunk for a couple of weeks and they came out this moldy, mushy mess."
"So, there are some problems that you can have with bulbs but there are easy solutions."
And I always treat gardening like throwing a party.
"You invite all the plants over; some of them show up looking beautiful and good moods and having a good time, others show up just a mess."
"So, you enjoy their company while they're here and not take it personally, and there are always more bulbs that you can purchase."
Hi!
A paper towel works just nice. What you want to do is you want to lay your squash in here. We're not going to cook for too long because these should be thin enough so they cook fast.
"After you've got your first layer, go ahead and pour half your mixture over that."
What you want to do is go ahead and put the other half of the squash on there.
"At this point, we're going to go ahead and put the rest of the marinade on top."
Make sure you get all of it on there.
Now what we're going to do is we're going to actually bake our squash for a little bit.
You have your mixture and squash.
Right over the cooking tray we're going to use this.
Just pour a little bit on there.
Evenly coat that.
"If you have a brush, you can."
"If not, you can throw in a piece of squash and move it around."
A quick little ways to get around stuff if you don't have it.
Hi!
Ruffs have been made out of coyote.
Ive got one here made out of coyote ruff.
"Wolf is pretty prevalent; wolverine is getting pricier, very little trapping of wolverine in this state, so we usually get it from Northern Canada."
Then I have a 2 parka system where I would wear an anorak which is a pull over type of garment that doesnt zip all the way down.
That keeps the wind from getting in the holes created naturally by the zipper.
I would like to invite you to visit our website at www.teamclarke.org.
A good parka is something to have and with that good parka you want to have a really good rough.
They make ruffs out of different animal hides.
The ruff is sort of that piece that goes around the top of the hood and a ruff will gather close to your face and keep the frost bite off your cheeks and nose.
"If it is made out of the correct animal hide, coyote is used by sort of mid-priced parkas."
This is a really good parka and Linda bought me; this is a Wolverine Double Ruff; wolf on the outside and wolverine closest to your skin.
The 2 vest pieces of fur to keep frost off your face.
Neither wolf nor wolverine will absorb water or frost which is why they are used versus some of the other ruff materials.
I'm going to be using my assistant to help me out.
Now I'm going to be cutting out the garlic.
You can use garlic that is already prepared in a jar from the store but I prefer to use the garlic the fresh garlic it has more punching flavor.
So to separate the garlic I'm going to just but my knife down on top and give it a hit and that makes all of your garlic cloves come apart and I have decided that I'm going to smash my garlic.
You can also cut it to little fine dices so I'm going to take one garlic clove which we need for this receipt and I'm going to smash it again.
And this makes the skin come right off and you can smash it again or you can dice it into little fine slices or you can smash it some more and make it into a paste.
So that is your one garlic clove.
"Now that we have thoroughly cleaned off the oil drain plug, we're going to clean off the oil pan a little bit where the plug goes into."
It's just about finished dripping so we're going to carefully put the plug back in.
Many times you want to turn it to the left and feel the threads start to click in and then just simply screw that plug in till it's hand tight and then you would take your box end wrench.
Put it on and then tighten it to the right and apply approximately 35 pounds of tork to it.
"It's pretty tight, you don't want that to fall out."
So I'm going to check it again.
Now that's pretty tight.
Okay and then clean it up a little bit and then you're ready to get out from under the vehicle.
Hi I'm Jessica Meiczinger with Simply Divine Events and I have been planning weddings for over a decade now and today I'm going to talk about how to design ideas for a garden themed wedding reception.
Traditionally you can stick with your tiered wedding cake and just accent it with fresh flowers or you can do a fondant frosting on your cake and you can actually have hand made flowers of sugar.
If you go to your specialty baker they can help you out with that. Another idea is to instead of doing a floral centerpiece on your table you can actually do miniature wedding cakes in the center of each table so that way your guests just serve themselves at the end of the dinner or you can do miniature cakes at each place setting.
Another fun idea that I like to do instead of doing a traditional wedding cake is having a desert table.
You can do little pedifours with your monograms or little edible flowers attached to them.
"If you don't want to do cake you can do different cookies and pastries, pies and tarts if you want to look for something different."
Another fun thing is to do actually cupcakes instead of a wedding cake.
"You can do different frostings, you can do different flavors and just have them on different plate stands or cake stands and the guests can just serve themselves."
So those are just some ideas on how to come up with some different wedding cakes for your garden wedding reception.
We're in the process of hooking up the p trap for under the sink and I just want to remind you that the p trap acts as a gas break.
"The water from the sink will always stay in at about this level and that keeps the gases coming back from the sewer, to come up through the sink drain."
Our supply lines are hooked up.
Our sink top has been glued to the top of the vanity.
We have our faucet in place.
We're ready for business.
"Oh, I now have the scutchens , this is called a scutchen."
I think it's French.
"Anyways, what it is designed to do, is to go around the hole in the drywall so that bugs and air and other things don't come through, and it kind of leaves it nice and pretty."
"Now, what we do is where I have a mounted, then we can just take a screw and put through each hole and that holds it in place."
The only thing we have left to do here is to put our floor board in.
"And as long as there is water in here, that's where the gas is stopped, is right there."
"So we're going to fit it into the trap adapter and we had to purchase an extra extension here, because right here is the top of my p trap and here's the bottom of the drain coming out of the sink."
So we bought this extension piece to make up the difference here.
"So, let me see if I can get it in position here."
"Nut goes on first and then we have a plastic compression ring, which as the nut comes down, it will compress against this pipe here, and around this flange right here and that will keep it from leaking."
So put the nut on.
Most of these fittings can just be hand tightened.
"Ok, now our drain is hooked up."
"Some of the tools we use as a police officer, the main one is the computer."
We write reports all the time on pretty much everything we do.
"Some of the other tools that we use each day is we have, we carry with us, we don't use them each day."
We have our pistols we use and we have our tasers and with that you have to be certified with our pistol you have to be certified each year.
Make sure we can pass the qualification.
"If we can't then there is some problems and they need to work on that are, we can't be a police officers."
"And so with the tasers you need to know, that's a great tool."
It prevents officers from getting hurt as well as the suspect that's fighting with this from getting hurt.
We are able to use the taser and they don't get hurt and we don't get hurt and things work out a lot better that way.
"And so those you need to be certified in, how to use them, the proper way to use them for liability."
And so as a police officer there's many tools and then with that you need to be certified and keep up your certification each year to prevent any lawsuits or anything like that that may occur.
"As far as vehicles, tools we use, we have chargers."
"We have to put in a little note whether it's, I unlocked the door to a car whatever it might be."
The Pleasant Grove Police Department and we have some explorers.
"Those are great tools we have, also need to be certified with them."
"Go to the driving range and make sure that you are up to par, we know our cars and if situations happen that we can handle our cars safely."
As far as there is different areas as a patrolman you can be involved in the motorcycles.
"If a person has an interest and your department has motorcycles, if you are interested in that, each department is different."
You can get on a motorcycle once you go through the training and be in the traffic enforcement as far as writing tickets and patrolling the high density areas to try to slow cars down.
And some of the officers love it.
"And I'm not a big fan of it, I probably crash but anyway it's all up to the person."
"The officer there, but anyway it's, the officers have a good time with the motors."
The computer is probably the number one thing we use all the time.
"And so it's good to be proficient with the computer, know how to type."
And each department may have a program they used to write their reports on.
"That's just a matter of getting with the department and learning what program it is and how it works, but the computer is the number one thing we use."
"And now with that computer you can look up lots of different things, you can get on the websites, look at as far as the county booking sheets and things like that to find out where people live or some of our suspects are and the computer is a great tool that you can use, not even being out in the car you can track someone down through the computer programs."
As law enforcement has we can search different things that the average person won't be able to search because of our access we have.
And so the computer is a great tool as far as trying to track down suspects or people of interest.
"Hi! I'm Dr. Eric Sayer from Sayer Family Chiropractic. In this segment, we're going to be talking about some of the herbal or nutritional types of things that can be used to treat low back strains."
"If it doesn't, we can try a couple different types of brands just to find out which works better for the person."
They're just muscle relaxants.
They're not the type that might be like prescription.
They don't knock a person out.
They can still operate heavy equipment.
They can still do what they need to.
It just takes the edge off and calms their muscles down.
"A lot of people use them as sleep aides, but they work very well."
There are also herbal anti- inflammatories.
"There are also nutritional or herbal supplements that are designed to strengthen ligaments, tendons, muscles, and that's all they're designed to do is just make the body work they way it should with nourishment."
"Of course, we've got herbal muscle relaxants."
There's numerous types.
I've got a couple different types here.
We find that certain herbs will work really for some people and not for other people.
I tell my patients you might try this brand.
"If it works for you, great."
Hi!
"A lot of us has started it into the journey down the garden path with vegetable gardening, growing vegetables out in the garden with our kids, with our moms and dads, with our grandparents maybe and it is one of the rewarding things you can do in the garden."
"It is the bounty of bring forth from the earth, it's working your hands in the soil, it's actually eating the fruits of your labors they probably vegetable garden one of the rewarding things you could do."
"It is a big topic there is a lot to it; there is a lot of things to go over in vegetable gardening, there is a lot of places to make mistakes but in all to all mother nature is along for the ride and she is going to help you out, help you find the right things to do."
Choosing the vegetables is as simple as a walk down to the supper market aisle.
Find the vegetable that you would like to eat and those are a good place to start.
Let's get started with our vegetable garden.
CALEB LABARDA: All right.
"What is a 720, you might ask?"
That's what a 720 would be.
It is very hard to actually hit a target but it'll take a lot of practice and a lot of timing.
"But once you get it, you can actually have a lot of power coming out of a 720, and it's a really cool kick that you'd use in performances and shows."
"There's 2 types of 720s: there's a cheat 720 and a regular 720, okay?"
"A cheat 720 is where you jump off one foot and you do about 1 1/2 rotations, over a little bit 1 1/2 into a kick, okay?"
"So one jump, 1 1/2 rotation, then to a kick, and then go all the way around into a punch."
"And then a regular 720 is you jump two rotations in the air, and you're going to through a hook kick out of it or a crescent kick, okay?"
So a regular 720 is off both legs and a cheat 720 is off one leg.
All right.
"So now a 720 was invented by a martial artist for a competition and just--it's a really showy kick, but it can be also be very powerful."
You can also hit a target or hit an opponent with it and it can be a knockout kick or a very forceful kick.
"Alright, drink we're about to make is called Ponderosa."
"Not only is a nice, classy restaurant with a fantastic salad bar, it's also a very good shot."
Bottoms up.
"I'm going to server it up chilled, go ahead and put some ice in a glass."
"And we'll measure out two ounces of grain alcohol, preferably a hundred and ninety proof."
"There's one, and two."
And we'll follow that up with two ounces of orange soda.
"And orange soda will do, since you're mixing it up with some super strong liquor, doesn't really matter on the quality there."
"Alright, go ahead and just mix that back and forth a couple times, you don't want to, don't want to shake it up because of the carbonation in the soda."
"Let's go ahead and grab a couple over sized shot glasses here, and get our strainer, and we'll pour it in."
Got a nice orange shot with a lot of alcohol that you're really not going to taste a whole lot.
Correcting the daily journal.
Now in the beginning when children start writing on their own of course you want to encourage creativity and some people feel that correcting every little thing they do wrong is going to snub their creativity and make them frustrated.
And that more reinforces in their mind the correct way to write things.
"I don't think that's necessarily true but I think in the beginning it is fun to let them write however they right and to save the journals and they can look back on it even a year later and laugh and say look at how I used to write, it's so neat and you can save it, it's so nostalgic."
"But, at some point you want to start correcting them and as soon as they ask you, you want to give them a correction so in this case, the child wrote wun the way it should be written phonetically but that's not the correct way so if they ask you how do I write it?"
"You can say, you can tell them, and when you're ready to start correcting their journals, like I said, you don't have to do it in the first few but after a while, you can start correcting them."
"What you do is, you underwrite underneath and you would write the correct way in a different color, one time, and you know, praise them on all the words that they wrote correctly and then show them, talk about why that's spelled a little differently than they thought."
"To the, one time I went to the store and remember silent e, you know, tell them about each thing and, I got a jug of milk."
Almost perfect.
And that's how you can correct.
"Now sometimes you can even have them write the whole thing over again but that kind of ruins the fun in this case because it's a journal but other times when you have them practice writing and then you correct their writing, it's not a bad idea to have them say, now write this whole thing over with the corrections put in."
"In the following clips we're going to talk about the proper way to repack, grease and adjust your vehicle's wheel barriers."
You're going to do it in what they call a star pattern.
We're going to go from here to the farthest one away.
Give her a little snug to the farthest one away.
We only have one choice now.
Here to the farthest one away.
"Here and to the farthest one away, here."
What that will do is ensure that the wheel is torched down flat and centered.
That will eliminate any possible causes of vibration.
"What I'm going to do now since I have my wheel snug is take and remove my jack stand, get that guy out of the way and release the pressure on my hydraulic floor jack."
You're going to want to let your jack creep down very slowly.
In this clip what I'm going to talk about is letting the vehicle down off of our jack and jack stands.
It only takes about a 10th of a turn on the release screw to open up the hydraulic circuit and allow the jack to collapse.
"Once the pressure is released from the jack, you can take and roll it out of the way."
And that is the proper way to seat your wheel and let the vehicle down.
"Before you do that, you want to make sure lug nuts are run down pretty much just a fuzz past hand tight."
It's going to be impossible to tark them being that the wheel free spins.
So what you're going to do is just take and hold on to it and give them a twist.
"I'm going to start here, on a five bolt pattern which is 95 percent of the vehicle's out there."
You're going to go from here.
You have two choices.
This one or this one.
It's always important for a running back to continue with positive gains to be the person that initiates the contact.
Never be the guy that gets hit.
We always want positive yardage after the carry.
He should never be the one that takes a hit.
"We never want to see our running back coming out of the backfield, taking a hand off and cower up when the defender comes up to hit him and drive him backwards."
"If that happens, he's probably not going to play running back very much longer."
What we always want to see him do is initiate contact in order to get as much positive yardage as they can.
"They're going to get hit anyway, so they might as well be the hitter, not the hit tee."
You never want to be the person taking the contact; you want to be the one dishing out the punishment.
"What we want to see is once he takes the hand off we want to see him with that good, low body lean and we want to see him put the contact on and drive through the hole in order to pick up a positive gain."
"So, always remember, initiate the contact."
Today we are going to start printing in the dark room.
One of the first things that you need to know how to do when you begin printing in your dark room is how to make your paper developer.
It says right here what the temperature is you need to get.
"It is very important, it is 90 to 100 degrees Fahrenheit."
It is very important that you get that water up to that temperature before you begin mixing it.
You hear I stress paper because there is a difference between paper developer and film developer and I know the first few times when I was in the dark room I didn't understand that.
It wasn't a really good experience doing it that way.
This is Kodak dectal paper developer.
"I kind of like the way Kodak does it because it says right on the packaging ""paper""."
"So this way, when you have film developer like I showed you on the last episode it says ""film""."
One important aspect about making this is that you have to understand it is a powder.
There are some film developers that are liquid.
"When you begin making this again, it is a lot like making this, it is a lot like making a cake again."
So the first thing we're going to do is apply some foundation primer.
This is a silicone based product.
"So that's how you would want to apply a primer, prior to your foundation."
"Silicone is a breathable barrier for the skin, so it's going to allow oxygen in and out of the follicles, so it will not clog the pores and it also will prevent breakouts."
"It's oil free, it will give you some oil absorption throughout the day."
"So we're just going to take a little bit right on our fingertips, do some fingertip application."
Just gently apply it all over the surface of the skin.
"Basically, what this is doing, is it's smoothing the surface of the skin, it's helping to minimize the appearance of any pores."
"It also softens any fine lines or wrinkles, so your makeup won't settle into any crevices."
"It also prevents your makeup from absorbing into the skin, so it's going to keep your makeup looking a lot fresher throughout the day."
"It's going to keep it on a lot longer for you, keep it looking a lot better, it'll soak up any oily shine, and just basically is going to keep your makeup looking really great all day long."
ALEXSON ROY: So what we're going to talk about now is maybe chronic issues that a lot of athletes deal with.
"And once again, it all has to do with the joint issues, okay?"
"You're going to have a lot of lower back issues, okay, and that has to do with your hips, and kinda like putting a lot of load on your core."
"And then, the other issue is with a lot of golfers and tennis players, they have problems with their elbows."
"And there's actually a condition called ""tennis elbow"" that when you do your back swing, it has to do with all the muscles that contribute to your back swing, and then with golfers, you're swinging forward."
"So within the elbow, there's a point there which is called your epicondyle, and this is medial, which is inside, is affected with that."
"And then you have your runners, okay?"
Hamstrings is definitely a problem.
"Everything down here, like below your glute, inside your thighs."
"And then with soccer players, it's your shins, okay, the part on the other side of your calf 'cause you're being kicked all the time in your shin."
"And with running constantly in soccer, that area gets really tense."
"And so what we're going to do today is we're going to focus on just some of these issues that I talked about as far as conditions that have to do with sports-related injuries, okay?"
So there's a number of issues that a lot of athletes deal with.
So we're going to focus on four main issues today.
"One of 'em, okay, that a lot of football players have to deal with is issues to their spine, which is--which begins in the neck because there's a lot of contact, there's a lot of blows that they take to the neck."
They kinda concave like all of these vertebras from the base of the neck to the shoulder.
"So from that, they have a lot of shoulder issues."
Okay?
"And then, you have--let's say, your baseball players."
"If you're a pitcher, most likely, you're going to throw your rotator cuff out, and most of, you know, your upper back is going to be affected by that."
"And if you're a power lifter, okay?"
Hello.
My name is Gabriela Garzon at G.G.
Image and Etiquette Consulting.
"Image and Etiquette Consulting in Miami, Florida."
"In this clip, I'm going to talk about how to build a spring wardrobe for women."
"Basically, you're doing a transition here, so here you can start using like whites, and light pastels."
Basically try to have like light dresses.
"This is like a very nice flowy white dress that you can transition into the summer, or you can start using like khaki's with like pastel colors, like the pink type of sweaters that you can just go ahead and layer on top of like pant tops or crew neck type of tops, and other type of sweaters with different neck lines."
"You can start using really fun jackets, because it's still, you know it's still a little cool, and you can just always want to try and cover yourself with cool things and bright colors, and happy colors."
"And if it get, if it starts getting chilly, you can use like, you know like very light type of pastel color trench coats and of course, you should have boots so you can wear the dresses with the boots, closed toe heels, and just fun accessories."
"Once again, this is Gabbie at G.G."
"Okay when you're playing golf, we've covered this just a little bit but your goal on every hole should be to get a par because that means, if it's a par four you're going to get two strokes to get around the green and then you're either going to make your chip close and make the putt, or you're going to be on the green in two, and two puts so that will be your par."
So if you hit a great second shot that might leave you a short putt to make your birdie but you always have to count on trying to get a par on every hole and that would mean that you're a pretty proficient golfer.
"A bogey just means somewhere along the line you've lost a shot, whether you three putted, put a ball out of bounds, put a ball in thick rough and had to recover from it, behind a tree."
"There's so many things that can go wrong, that sometimes saving a bogey is a good thing."
"Then a birdie is when everything goes right for the most part and you hit a couple great shots, and you get close to the hole and make the putt."
"So there's par fives, there's par fours, and there's par three's."
"Par three's are usually going to be under two hundred and eighty yards, anything above that will be a par four, and anything over four hundred and sixty yards will be a par five."
"Now those are the distances the pros play at but for the recreational player the distances might be not quite as long, but that's generally what it is."
If you really are interested in this topic there's some good books or other reference material you can scour and really learn what all this stuff means.
"That's just a good brief overview of what par, birdie, and bogey mean."
Colors for victorian house that we had seen were all white so I got on the internet to see if that's what we wanted to do.
"The victorian houses we're built from probably 1850 to 1910 so our house we think they built it in 1905 the victorians loved bright colors, they did not like white but in the early 1900's when the banks went belly up that's all they could get was white paint."
"The colors were so expensive that they quit making colored paint the victorians loved greens, dark reds, mustard yellow, grays, anything that had a nature color to it they loved."
"So therefore, we painted our trim the red, and green, and the sage color or the light green those we're the colors that we loved."
I'm here talking to you today about liners.
What they are?
What they are is a accent piece for your frame to ensure that you have a little classier look about it.
"They come in different sizes, different shapes, different ways of looking at things some go in some go out, some just sit there."
"Some have a little gold accent with them, some of them you have to go back to the fillet thought and put it in as well."
In my opinion your lighter should be as big as your frame.
"If I was going to use this liner, I probably go to a different frame."
"A little bit bigger frame the portion is quite nice then, you can use a little bitty liner in this."
The old school thought was if you had a piece of canvas you had to have a liner.
That is not the case today things have changed drastically it was just an old wise tail that was said down the way.
"So we've ridden the roller coaster up one hill, down a trough, up another hill and now for round four we're going back in to the valley."
And what that means is we have to make our best four card low hand.
Not even sure why he stayed in the hand except for the sake of our experiment.
You win the pot of sixteen and he matches the pot of sixteen and we're on to round five.
Now we already know from a previous round that I dont have any low action going on so Im not going to play this hand.
"Okay, and we know from a previous round that this guy doesn't have any low action going on."
He's not going to play this hand.
"But you and this fellow say ""one, two, three"" and show your chip and show each other your hands."
"And this is your hand; you've got what's called a ""queen low""."
You've got queen-seven-three-ace.
"At this point, if this guy doesn't have and ace but has something lower than a queen and nothing higher than a queen he's got you."
"Alas, he got a pair of sevens there, so no working four card low and you take the pot and he pays."
"Alright so how do we use this, that again can be the biggest thing of ""I brought something but I don't even know how to use it""."
I'm going to break it down pretty simple for you.
"Now the pounds, now the fun part, put your weight in."
"Today I'm one thirty seven, lot's of muscle mass there."
"And my age going down at thirty one, for now."
And then it blinks male or female.
Now after all that is complete you press set.
All of your data is now stored.
"Now to find out your exact amount you are going to grab this monitor, wrap your thumbs your hands around, your thumbs are on top and because you are doing this by yourself, you are going to press your start button."
"And it's going to blink, you will see those little blinks down below where it says low, normal, high and very high."
And now it tells me that I am at twenty one point two percent and my bmi is at twenty two point eight percent.
So those numbers are pretty different from the other body fat monitor I showed you but it let's you know where it can be a little more accurate or a little less accurate.
Omcron fat loss monitor is basic.
"And that's it, got that vital information."
You start with the one and it gives you a lot of options but it blinks to let you know what it needs immediately.
I am going to say I am a guest so I will press set.
Then it wants to know are you a normal guest or an athlete and I'm going to go up because I'm an athlete.
Press set.
"Then it wants to know my height, five-five."
So use the down button and it even gives you half an inch or quarter of an inch so it's pretty exact on that.
"Five five even, press set."
"You can probably put some and hand toiletry things is here or find some silk plants and put them in, just an easy way to decorate your house."
Sometimes it depends; finding things at the thrift shop can be a challenge.
Sometimes youll find things sometimes you dont.
You might find a bag of peat moss and fill this up then put items on top of that.
"So, making thrift shop art or yard sale art is easy, you just use your imagination and go with it."
In this clip we'll talk about how to obtain information about phobias for you or a loved one.
"One of the things that you want to do is, if you have access to the Internet, hop on the net, it's the fastest way to get the information you might be looking for."
"Maybe instead of taking it yourself, you can hand it to the person that's having the phobia or the problem."
"If you don't have access to the Internet, you can go to your public library, you can look at magazines, again you can talk to doctors, because they'll also have this information that's available."
"Now if you type in phobia, you're going to get a lot of hits, so you want to try to narrow it down."
"Type in the name of a specific phobia in a search engine such as Google, or Ask.com, or Yahoo.com and you'll get a lot more information."
"If you want to go to a source that's a little bit more specific and health based, you can go to something like WebMD.com, or Mayo (that's M-a-y-o)Clinic.com, or you can also go to the National Institute of Mental Health web site, where they have, not only what different phobias are, but kind of some of the treatments."
And some of these websites even have questionnaires.
"If you think you have a phobia, or you may have a phobia if, and you can kind of check it off."
"And then the great thing is you can print this out, take it to your physician and say, ""hey, I took this test, and this what it came out, what do you think?"", so it can actually be a very good tool."
"If you're a family member, same thing applies;"
you can still do these things.
CLANCY ROSE: So next we're going to go on to steaming your milk for your single vanilla latte.
"I've got my milk steaming pitcher and my milk, doing this in a 14-ounce cup so I'm going to pour the milk into the pitcher right up to the ridge of the pitcher."
When it's flat it's up to the ridge.
"I'll show you how much milk is in there, and I'm going to go ahead and steam the milk."
What I do is I do this in three steps.
"First, position the pitcher so that the milk steaming wand is under the surface of the milk and you get it at an angle so that once you turn on the wand, the milk starts spinning around in a circle around the pitcher."
"Second step is, after you keep it spinning until it kind of matches the temperature of your hand, you're going to feel it just break, just warm up, then you're going to drop it down to where the tip of the milk steaming wand is just above the surface of the milk."
It's going to start introducing air into the milk and that's where you're creating the foam and you're going to be able to hear that change.
"We're going to do that for a few seconds, maybe about five seconds, and then you drop it back down to where this, the wand is submerged into the pitcher of milk and then get it spinning around inside the pitcher again until it's at the temperature that you want it."
"Hi, this is Rich Buccola here in NYC."
What is great about these cutting boards is just pick it up put it right into our bowl.
"But also at this point I'm going to add a little bit more salt going around a couple of times and some more fresh pepper, we're going to mix all this thoroughly through."
It's coming together.
We are going to start now with our phyllo bread and we're going to add a little parsley to this too.
I like to let my chicken settle because what happens is if you cut it right away all the juice will fall out.
"If you let it sit, the juices tend to stay in."
This is also a good time to preheat your oven to 400 degrees.
I just laid my chicken out like this and I'll just cut it in like quarter inch pieces like so and we're just going to get nice bite size cubes.
So we're just going to cut it like across and then you turn your chicken this way again just quarter inch just make little bite size pieces.
I'm just putting some chicken on top of chicken just to make it a little easier cutting three pieces at a time.
What you're going to do is just cut it one way turn it like so and cut these into bite size pieces .
So we have all our pieces in bite size.
The profile over the wood shake panel is comprised of a 4 inch low 6 inch high 8 inch low and a 6 inch high pattern.
Each full panel has a two pattern repeat.
This allows for two off setting points per panel.
"The rear shelf of the shake panel is profiled to match the pattern at the front of the panel, which is offset by 13 inches to the left."
In basic terms it provides for the profile to advance 11 inches to the right and or 13 inches to the left for a net offset of 2 inches of every second course.
As the panel has two panel repeats this further allows for a 35 inch offset to the right and a 37 inch offset to the left.
As the pattern slowly advances to the left it is at your convenience where you start your first panel.
For hip valley installation you should adjust this to eliminate cuts and bends diagonally across the in joints of a panel.
"Again, fasten the first course through the back shelf and lay two courses of tile at one time to assure accurate panel fitments."
Parrots talk actually trying to mimic you to get your attention.
"If they hear you saying certain things and people pay attention to you then they decide, well, maybe if I say something then I'll get your attention too."
"But I usually go to my birds when I want to teach them to talk, about the same time every morning and say the same phrase."
I can say other phrases throughout the day.
But then at the evening time I go back and use that same phrase again.
"This bird right here is learning to say pretty bird or pretty, pretty, pretty bird, because the more pretties he adds to it, he feels like he gets my attention a little faster."
But he's very intelligent.
"This bird is about six months old and like I said this morning he said for the first time, love you."
And that was the first time he's ever said that to me.
But he does listen.
"As you can see, he's watching very closely what I'm saying and that I'm talking."
Of course he thinks I'm talking just to him.
And they are very much like two year olds.
But they're very affectionate and they will talk to get your attention.
"Also they don't have lips so some of their letters aren't pronounced exactly like we would, but some of them do quite well with that."
"Also you hear an adage that, to make a bird talk you have to split their tongue. This was believed back in what I'm hoping was olden days when they would try to teach crows to talk."
Crows can talk without their tongues being split and without them being harmed in any way.
And of course these babies never get their tongues split.
"Like I said, they want your attention at all times."
They do understand.
"I've got this one and a couple more that when they leave their cage and so forth I can tell them, no, you have to go back home and they go right straight to their cage."
"They know exactly what is meant. A lot of people think that parrots just mimic sounds. But it's been proven here lately that, no, they understand and they know what they're saying."
"Some parrots are slower to learn to talk and that could be from many things, from their intelligence, from their environment or whatever."
I am going to show you how to make a Bluetail Fly.
"First you're going to take your ice, you pour it into your glass, you're going to add one ounce of gin, have you jigger handy."
"Pour your ounce in just like so, you're going to add a half an ounce of blue curacao, this is a blue flavored liqueur, but it has an orange flavor to it."
"Then you're going to take some sour mix, so pour that into your concoction as well, and then you're going to shake this up really well."
"Get your tin, pour it in just like that, give it a good shake, you're going to grab your glass, pour it in just like that."
"It's a nice blueish green flavor, and then you're going to take some soda water and you're going to top it off, just like so."
"Give it some fizz, make it all nice and fun."
"Add your straw, you can add a cherry or whatever."
"If you're a guy you don't have to, if you're a lady throw one in."
And enjoy your Bluetail Fly.
This is a great guessing game.
David: Uh huh.
Teri: Okay.
So is what you're afraid of in this room right now?
David: It might be.
Teri: What do you mean there might be?
Are they small?
"David: They can be, yea."
Teri: Can they also be large?
David: Yes.
"Teri: What color would they be, if there was one?"
You need a minimum of two people to play this game.
"David: Black, gray, and gross."
"Teri: Oh, Ah."
Is it when people don't clean their house too well?
Do you see a lot of these?
David: Yes Teri: Are you afraid of dust?
David: No Teri: Dust bunnies?
David: No.
Teri: Something similar to that though?
David: Yes.
"Teri: Okay, mud?"
"How you play is, you choose one person who's going to be the patient and anyone else who's there are going to play the psychiatrists."
David: No.
"Teri: Okay, well you say if... David: Where did you get your psychiatrist degree?"
"Teri: Ah, back in Ohio..State University."
David: You're terrible.
Teri: Sorry.
"Um, where would I find these other than in this house?"
So you can have one or several psychiatrists in your game.
"The patient chooses something they're deathly afraid of - a big phobia, a big fear - and we have to try and guess what their fear is."
They can't tell us but we can ask questions and through process of elimination we have to figure out what their phobia is.
"When we guess it, then we become the patient."
Teri: Are you ready?
Do you have one in your head?
This advanced pilates exercise is called the side kick bicycle and it is advanced because we are creating a lot of movement because we really have to draw in those abdominal muscles and keep everything stabilized.
"Now come on down to your side and you want your elbows directly underneath your shoulders so you are resting on your forearm, lift up out of your rib cage, abdominals in, your hips are stacked, one on top of the other and your bottom leg is turned out and anchored."
"Now we are going to make this a little bit more advanced because we don't want to put pressure or use this hand to stabilize, we want to use all core so bring that top hand behind the head."
"You are going to draw the knee in towards the chest, kick out, and circle back and with your breathing just breathe naturally, keep your hips as stabilized as possible, and then when you perform anywhere between 10 to 20 reps in this direction, reverse, and then really reach out through those toes, reach, reach, reach, lengthen, lengthen, lengthen."
That is the pilates theme and that is your side kick bicycle exercise.
"Hi, my name's Jill Weiss and I'm going to give you a few tips on how to throw a curve ball in slow pitch."
First thing that you want to remember is the pitch.
"My name's Jill Weiss, and those are just a few tips on how to throw a curve ball in slow pitch."
"Depending on the batter, if they're left handed or right handed, you always want the curve ball to kind of go away from the batter."
"This kind of, especially when you're ahead of the count, this is something different that pitchers can throw to finish that out or get them to have an easy grounder, a pop up, or strike out."
"So for instance, if I have a left handed batter up, I'm going to find the seams of the ball."
"I don't want to be too deep into my palm, but comfortable and loose to where I can turn the ball."
One scenario I can use is turning the doorknob.
Actually spinning my wrist to have that downward motion with the ball.
"Now the opposite, if I was going to have a right handed batter, I'm going to slice it underneath, okay, to get that spin this way."
"So on a left handed batter, you're going to turn that knob and it's going to go away from the batter."
We're going to take some fresh garlic; we need about 6-7 cloves of garlic.
So this is what 6 cloves or 7 cloves of garlic looks like finely minced.
See how nice and tiny and beautiful?
"We're just going to add this right to our bowl so don't be afraid just come right here, look at that."
What we're going to do then is start mixing it all together.
"I love garlic and everything, heck I'll put garlic in my cereal if I could."
"When we come back, we're going to take some garlic and chop it up."
So we have our fresh garlic if you just give it a good break you can see all the cloves come out we need about 6 7 cloves.
We're going to take our clove of garlic just give it a good punch with our knife and you see it comes right out of the shell like so and what you might want to do is just cut off this tip.
"So that's a hard tip from the stem and that's your garlic getting ready for chopping, get another punch and you see it comes right out of the shell."
"What you're going to do then now is just slice your garlic one way, very thin slices."
"Don't cut yourself, turn it the other way just like we did with our onion and just cut your garlic."
Don't worry again if it isn't a desired consistency of size because we'll start to do is using our chopping method is work the back of the blade and chop this up real fine.
"The next thing I would like to discuss is putting the tattoo needle in the tattoo machine. Once it is removed out of its sterile package, it is going to look like this There is a small rubber grommet that is inserted into the back of the needle and that is to keep it stationary on the machine."
We are going to slide this up. Now you have to be extremely careful when you do this that the needle in the tip does not bang against the sides because it will dull it.
These are razor sharp needles and any burrs or anything like that will affect your tattoo in performance.
"So as we bring it in, we are going to pull all the way back until the needle slightly pokes out from the front of the needle just a little bit."
"One little tattoo secrets is when you pull the needle out of the package, it is going to be straight."
"With the needle down, you are going to want to slightly bend it so it is arced slightly and I will explain right now why that is."
Here is our tattoo machine.
You are going to want to hold it from the top and the bottom and insert the needle through the front and you can hold it with your fingers like such and you apply it onto the bar that is here.
Now it is stationary.
It can't really wiggle around.
Now you can see that it is arced down.
"The reason we do that is as we install the needle tube, this is the reservoir in front of the needle that is going to hold the ink."
"So the first step in the eye treatment, in the soothing eye treatment, would be to remove any makeup that your client might be wearing."
"And today Jen is wearing a little mascara and eye shadow so I'm just going to gently using a makeup removing, you know cleanser or eye makeup remover."
You just want to go over the eye area and kind of wipe down very gently and then away from the inner eye.
And it might take a few cotton pads.
And the reason why I'm going away from the eye area is that's just to avoid any infection or irritation.
Usually people's eyes are pretty sensitive especially with allergies and all the above so by moving away from the eye you are just avoiding potential hazard for the future.
"If someone is coming straight from work or you know just had to do errands and usually wears makeup that's just fine, usually the makeup removing part of any treatment is you know complimentary and included in any facial or eye treatment so you don't need to tell your clients, you know to come in without any makeup on."
"Usually when people are complaining of tired or stressed looking eyes, makeup is the first thing that they go for, so whatever you know your clients are doing to help brighten or open or de-stress their eyes is probably fine and what makes them comfortable, so definitely don't discourage your clients in doing their regular routine."
"But of course getting an eye treatment is, would be beneficial in helping to reduce their concerns."
And this is the makeup removing part of the eye treatment.
"To paint on canvas basically, you have to prime the entire canvas with one color and that's called the grounding."
"Grounding is very important because if you paint on white, you've got a situation where you've got to really cover that canvas, every inch of it with a color."
"Many artists, for example, like Peter Paul Rubens, did a ground, a color that was homogenous all over the canvas in stripes to create this effect of movement."
So you can use a canvas.
"Use your own ground, whether it be gray, yellow, and then begin painting and enjoy."
So now we have sliced our mirliton in half again chayote in some parts of the country.
So what you want to do is just keep a eye on them.
"About 30 minutes range, maybe put a knife or a fork in there just to see if it is tender and we would show you what you do after that."
We have our water coming to a boil right here and we want to season this with some salt.
So give just a few grinds.
The mirlitons will pick up a lot of salt flavor so don't go over board.
Almost like what you would do with pasta go ahead and do it that way.
Then we are going to leave this seed in because we are going to remove this later.
This is going to be our chauffeur in the beautiful stuffing that we would make.
So just go ahead and put that right into the boiling water.
This is going to go about 30-40 minutes until they are fork tender.
Today I'd like to talk about the theory of 3s.
"Whenever you're working with beads, wires, or whatever type of necklace, bracelet, or earrings."
"As you're deciding what beads are going to go with what, you may want to think about the theory of 3."
Threes are really the best way to kind of correspond your jewelry.
You'll see right here is a necklace.
"We go 1, 2, 3 beads."
Usually 2 small on the side and one large in the middle.
That's usually a very typical thing that you'll see in hoops or even regular earrings.
We have 2 small and one large earring.
"For necklaces, you'll see this particular necklace starts off with a large pendant and then you have 3 jade beads with connectors, and you have 3 diamond shapes as well."
"It really corresponds and makes the jewelry, or the art behind the jewelry really connect and come together."
"I'm going to show you how to make a shot called a Sicilian Kiss, this is a really, really, really tasty shot."
"And this is a great shot if you arrive late to the bar and you're trying to catch up with everyone else, so do it as a beer chaser, do your shot first, then chase it with a beer."
Enjoy.
"Alright, let me show you how to make this wonderful shot."
"We're going to start off with an ounce of amaretto, you can also do a 1/2 ounce if you would like, but you're late, so you really, really need to catch up, so we're going to give you an ounce of amaretto, and an ounce of southern comfort."
Now I am using what's called a jigger to measure the alcohol for this shot.
"These are really great, you can get them at a bar supply store, or a liquor store."
"This side is an ounce, this side is a half ounce, perfect for parties, use it at work, great for mixing your drinks so you get your proportions correct."
Alright.
Now you have here what is called a Sicilian Kiss.
"Like I said, chase it with a beer, or you can pour this over ice, and you can do it as a chill shot, and either way, it's going to be really tasty."
All right the drink we're about to make is called a Bacardi cocktail.
And first thing we're going to do is put some ice the glass.
And we'll do one shot of Bacardi light rum.
Hence the Bacardi cocktail.
And follow that up with about an ounce of lime juice.
So let's do a half of shot.
There we go.
And then we're going to do a teaspoon a half a teaspoon of sugar syrup.
"And all we did was combine water and sugar mix it together, that's going to give you your sugar syrup."
Pretty difficult huh?
"Hi, I'm Stan DeFreitas, ""Mr. Green Thumb""."
This happens to be the Italian oregano.
And it's one that you might wish to consider using in your yard or garden.
"Now it's a finer leaf plant than some of your oreganos, and it's one of course that tends to be a little more prostrate, tends to be used in baskets, or sometimes larger containers, where it can kind of spill over the side of the container."
"As far as drainage, make sure it has extra pearlite, vermiculite, or sand, because it does need a good deal of drainage."
"That being said, you do want to water it probably every second or third day, if it's in a dry hot condition."
Remember of course that it also needs near full sun for it to kind of leaf out and be as full as it can be.
"This bathing suit I designed it and I immediately thought of old home videos of my grandmother on the beach in Long Island and she would have worn something like this so it kind of makes me smile but obviously it is not for everybody, it is not very modern looking."
"It is more of a harkening back to the 40's era design and we have a very high waist but I added in a keyhole right there to show some skin so it is not so covered up and then buttons which they don't button or anything but they are there for looks and the top I have in order to not make it look so modest and old I added a top that is strapless but it still retains a lot of coverage and it has buttons for the detail as well and this is the kind of thing that I don't personally like but you have to throw out whatever goes from the brain to your hand, just draw it and you never know where it will take you."
Hi!
It needs to dry completely before you put glitter on it if you want to.
I'm going to put mine on this one today.
The thing is we need it to dry.
Don't let anyone touch it.
Don't let it fall and get lint on it from your carpet.
Let's pick it up.
Don't touch it because your fingerprint will be on there.
We're going to set it somewhere.
"If you want to dry it, you can put a fan on it."
Doesn't take long to dry.
We're making light switch plate covers.
It's just like Elmer's glue.
Let it sit somewhere and let it dry completely.
Make sure it's the way you want it and it's shaped the way you want it.
"Once it dries, it's done."
We already have all the Mod Podge we need.
"One thing you need to remember is when it dries, that's how it's going to stay."
You can tell I did even strokes.
They're all nice and in one direction.
It can dry like that.
I don't have any fingerprints on there.
It's going to dry like that.
We would put little things all around that.
As in Christmas ornaments or some more smaller patterns or some more smaller items.
"Now we try to utilize every step, every piece, every inch of our kiln because it is so expensive to fire this but we are look at 600-700 hundred dollars for a load of propane gas."
My husband and I our dream was to build a gas kiln and this is out kiln that we built ourselves it has 4 burners and it has about $3000 of fire brick.
You would expect it to be very heavy but it is not it is very very light but it is very self containing of the flame and they weight about 25 pounds each and they are very difficult for me to get on the very top so my husband usually loads the kiln.
I glaze it and he loads the kiln.
"So from standing, fold to forward in Uttanasana and then step your right leg back behind you into Lunge Pose, take the right heel down to the floor and turn the right toes forty five degrees toward the right, then bend your left leg nice and deep and take your hands up to your front knee."
"So now what we have to do is get the back leg to do what we call a big inner spiral, so that means the inner edge of the back leg needs to move back and widen toward the right in order to get our hips more in alignment."
"Then bend your front leg nice and deep, take your hands to your front knee, do big inner spiral in the back leg, so to do that bow forward and move your groins back, move your thighs back, and as they go back, you feel the whole left hip will spin around."
"Then scoop the tail bone down, bend the right leg more deeply, as the right leg bends lift up through the spine and sweep your arms open to the sky."
"And release fold forward, inhale step forward."
"And then push in to your feet, take your hands to your hips, lift half way up, draw the shoulder blades into the back and lift with your heart to rise up standing."
"So, bow forward and move both of your inner thighs back."
Do you see that?
"Since you move your inner thighs back, then, draw the tail bone down, that's it, and then inhale and lift up."
Sweep the arms open to the sky and hold for a few more full breaths and surrender your front leg a little more deeply so the front leg is full and brave.
"Exhale, fold forward, inhale step forward."
And let's do the second side together.
Step your left leg back.
"Now you can line up the heels in line with each other, or if that feels like your hips are a little too tight to do that, it's fine to take the left leg a little more toward the left, so little wider stance will give you more freedom."
"They pick up a lot quicker, they are a lot faster with their speaking, physically."
Mixed Martial Arts is excellent for children because it builds self-confidence in them.
The cardiovascular of each movement that they do builds the heart to become stronger in everything that they do within Mixed Martial arts.
"When you go to school or they learn from in here, it becomes essential to them."
Hi Tom Choisnet again this time I'm going to talk about filing an extension I'm sure at least once in your tax filing career you had the time where you just couldn't get around getting your things together for the tax guide.
Or maybe you waited a little bit to far into April to give the man a call or perhaps he was booked to the wire and you didn't know it.
You don't have any fear about that today's extensions are good until October that's right you get automatics 6 month extension to file your taxes and all you have to do is tell your tax man.
You do have to pay any taxes that might be due so give it your best guess and send some money with the extension and you won't have to pay any interest on your late payment.
"Filing your extension does eliminate the penalty for late filing so if you quit don't have it quit together, file that extension and your good until October, thank you."
Fluff that up to where you can have something.
That you can ignite very easily.
"OK, you want to get some really small dry wood."
Then you want to start to collect some bigger stuff.
Some stuff that's going to burn a long time.
"Try and look for hard woods verses soft woods oaks, hickory's, maples."
These are going to burn longer and warmer.
So that it'll help you out in the long run.
"OK, then you're going to have to find something to ignite it with."
"Some people have sparker's a lighter, matches, flint and steel."
"If you don't have that you can use two pieces of rock, hard rock."
Most of the time they'll lay a spark just might take a little longer but first off when you do get lost or stranded.
You all ways want to make a fire first.
This'll help you the most in the long run and that's how to build you a speed fire in case you're surviving nature.
You don't want to be messing around with any other stuff.
You want to have a fire.
Not only does this give you light it gives you warmth but most of all it gives you that personal feeling of safety.
Knowing that you have a fire around you.
To build this you're going to look for some small kindling.
"Small dry stuff leafs, pin straw."
Pull some of the interior of your socks out.
So now we've finished the whole Uncial alphabet.
"Again, it has just lower case, no capital letters."
"Maybe we, we can't avoid the letters we don't like."
"So a recommendation might be to write a whole string of letters, that one for each letter of the alphabet."
And practicing that way.
So that you keep your hand in good practice.
"And I think the best thing to do now, is to practice those letters."
"Now sometimes when we are practicing we tend to say, ""o.k., I'm going to make five As"". Make your five As etc."
But it's not necessarily the best way to practice.
I'd like to think about putting the letters together with other letters that would be naturally occurring.
So we're going to make words.
"And in practicing words, you practice how the letters fit together."
And you also practice a bigger assortment of letters.
Today we're at Deluxe Clothing Store where we sell resale clothing and local designers fashions and we also do alterations.
And today we're going to demonstrate doing repairs on clothing.
The second loop you do close to the first but not right into the first because it'll just pull the thread out.
And I know it's kind of hard to see because we've got matching thread but three loops will lock it into practically any fabric you use whether it be really slippery fabric or really heavy duty fabric.
And I like to mend from the outside because it seems that you can gage how neat it's looking as you're going along.
"Okay so I've got my loops on the inside and what I'm going to do is see where your hole is, I like to kind of round up the edges a little bit first to kind of get any loose edges."
And sometimes it's a matter of just kind of reweaving a little hole.
You can do that with a crochet needle if it's a big sweater.
But if it's a little part like this you want to get close but not to close to the edges because then it'll just pull out the broken threads.
So you just go from one side over to the other side and pull it taut but don't buckle it.
Now I know there's different methods where you can make it look like it's disappearing or if your hole is more length wise you want to do it side to side.
You want to make it kind of blend in as much as possible with the knitting or the grain of the fabric.
And this repair today will be mending a hole in a sweater.
As you can see it's closing up very nicely.
"So you want to do it close enough, again, where you're getting a nice strong bond."
And I'm actually kind of at the end of the hole here.
"And you can go over it the opposite way, too."
"If you know the broken thread is right where your fabric is you can also do the, I'm going to bring my needle back through the back side, and you can reinforce it by doing those three loops at the end."
"If there's a particularly, if there's an area that looks like it's going to unravel more."
But I think this one is pretty successful just doing it once over like this.
"You do your three little knots, or three, not knots, you do your three little loops to lock it back into place."
And you don't want to cut your thread super close to the fabric because if there's any pull the first time you wear it it'll tend to maybe pull on the first loop.
So you just leave about an eighth of an inch.
So the first thing you want to do is match up your thread and when you do matching threads you make sure you take the thread sample off the spool because it can look completely different than if you just hold the spool up next to it.
And there's our mending.
I mean sometimes it shows more than other times.
You can also set it by kind of pressing it.
Stretching a little bit in different directions to make it disappear more into the fabric.
And sometimes just ironing it will help but.
Ironing will help to set the part that you kind of pulled taut in there and it'll set it down flatter.
So that's just an easy stitching of a hole.
"It can look totally off, darker or lighter."
So when you take a piece of thread off and hold it against the fabric and it kind of disappears then you know you've got the right color.
So you just take a length of thread not too long because the longer it is the more it tends to knot.
"And I personally do not use knots because they can wear off, pull out."
So I use three little loops to start my sewing.
And you can start by doing just three tiny little places.
"In this clip, I am going to be showing you how to make transitions between your cuts and your videos before putting them on dvd."
I will be using windows movie maker but you can use what ever application you want.
This one looks cool and now we can watch it back and see.
So I will just go back to the time line and move the head right in front of where its will happen and play the footage and you can see.
"There is one, moving it forward here, and there is another, and that one is kind of of cool."
"Ok, so that is how the transitions work."
"Going back to story board here, if you want to delete one just right click and hit delete or you can copy it and move it over to another clip or you can play it."
"A bunch of options, so that is how you use video transitions in windows movie maker while editing."
"Windows movie making is a trademark of Microsoft, a company of which I have not affiliation with what so ever."
"Ok, so we are in windows movie maker again and I have already imported a clip and have split it up and made a couple cuts here, here and here."
"So we are going to add some transitions, so what you do is go to story board mode by clicking right here and you will see each of these clips."
You will also see these boxes in between these clips that represent a cut in each of these boxes.
So what you want to do is put a transition here.
You can find transitions by going to the tab and clicking video transitions or you can go to tools and find them right here; you get a bunch of transitions here.
"You just pick one, to select, hold it down with the mouse and drop it in the box."
I will just choose some random ones here.
"Hi this is Yolanda from vanveenbulbs.com, and in this section we're going to talk about how to control corn ear worms."
"Now there's all types of bugs that affect our crops in the United States, and a big problem right now for all the corn industries is the corn ear worm."
"So even if something is marked organic, it might still be dangerous to other animals, and to different pets, and other bugs."
"So always do your research and find out, and try the most natural methods first."
"Basically it really is a caterpillar that gets into the corn, and then makes a little cocoon, and then turns into a moth."
"It eats into the corn and does terrible damage, and so it can ruin a whole crop, but there is different types of methods that you can use to rid the corn fields of the corn ear worms."
We're getting ready to assemble our button mirror now.
This is a little magnet you can stick on here.
You can put them on little stands and have them to people to--always take wedding pictures from people and put it on their [SOUNDSA LIKE] built-up sign.
So you can make them into a lot of different things once you get going.
"But mirrors, I found that most people like them the best."
"So now we're going to put it in here, assemble it up."
"First we put in our hologram paper, then we put in our newly designed and colored transparency."
Now we put a piece of miter over on it.
This holds it together and keeps it from falling apart once it goes into the press and then we just press it down.
That's stage one.
"I just want to let you know these things come in all different sizes and shapes, from one inch all the way up to six inch."
"Also I want to mention, when I cut this, this is tempered glass, and if you want to get a good smooth cut, always cut on tempered glass."
It won't dull your blade.
"If you noticed, this is just a razorblade and it won't dull the razorblade."
"If you cut on regular glass, it's going to dull your blade really quick and will ruin it fast."
"So now, we're getting ready to put this into our device, in our button press."
"First thing we need, this is called a shell, and we'll put it in, assemble here."
"With this, you can make buttons, mirrors."
Hello!
"Wood peckers and gold finches, typically have a very strongly undulating flight as they travel."
"Other birds like the eastern king bird typically fly on the tips of their wings and have a very peculiar flickering flight, swallows like these purple martins off to my left here, skim and swoop so these would all be behavioral features that would be very useful in helping you identify an unfamiliar bird."
"In general, when we first see a bird, we want to try and put it into some sort of a category."
"This of course can be based on the way birds are classified and in fact, in most of the popular field guides today, birds are actually grouped and organized based on their scientific classification."
"If we start with the water birds, which typically occur first in the taxonomic higher arky that's typical of most field guides, we are obviously looking at fairly large birds."
"Many of which in deed are associated with wetlands, as appose to many of the forest and woodland birds that would be much smaller and would obviously be more settle in terms of some of their identification characteristics."
"So as we move forward through some of these different groups of birds, we would be using different characteristics and different features as we begin to put them into categories that can be useful for field identification."
My name is Wayne Peterson and I'm the director of the Important Bird Areas Program for the Massachusetts Audubon Society.
"Today we're here at the Daniel Webster Wildlife Sanctuary in Marshfield, Massachusetts where we'll be talking about bird identification and some of the equipment and essential tools that are useful to get one started in this incredibly interesting pastime."
One of the things that's very important as we begin to think about identifying birds in the field is to sort of understand what we need to look for.
"We mentioned briefly the topographical features of the bird, but there are other things in addition to the physical appearance of the bird."
"For example, habit."
"We're in a meadow here at Daniel Webster Wildlife Sanctuary where we have a pond behind me and fields and meadows in this direction, so that obviously there are certain birds that we can reasonably expect in these kinds of habitats."
"At the same time, we can use behavior."
"For example, the way a bird flies."
"Now that you have the focal flowers in, the next thing we need to do is to add some accent flowers along with this."
One of the things that's the best to do and to help keep the cost down on doing flower arrangements in silk is you buy a bush.
But you need to put some color in there as well so it looks good from a distance.
Okay and the other thing is is this is a typical different flower.
We're going to start adding texture to it and that will be another part of the filler flowers that we add.
So right now what we're doing is putting in filler to support the main rose flowers.
And that's the end of this step.
Which is consistent of flowers together coming down to one stem and then you can cut them apart.
So what you try to do is you cut your flowers to a reasonable length that you think will work in the bridal bouquet.
And you can start placing them in supporting the look of your focal flowers.
And the other positive thing about doing silk flowers is that you can just bend and arrange them any which way you like.
Fresh flowers it's basically God's made them and you've just got to work with what He's given you to do it.
You need to make sure that you're keeping an eye on the fact that this is going to be rounded or seen also from the side.
So we need to make sure that the side is covered as well.
But this is usually what you use with the smaller flowers and your greeneries.
"Along with your considerations for what you'll want to buy as a telescope, you'll also want to spend some time wondering what you're going to look at."
How you're going to find it.
"Another one, go to your local book store, find atlas cards, Peterson's Field Guide to the Stars and planets, Norton's Guide to the Stars."
"There are several excellent books, but you'll want to know what you want to look at with your telescope before you actually purchase the telescope."
There may be some advantages that you don't know until you know what you want to study.
This is a very inexpensive and wonderful device called a planisphere.
This shows what stars are up at what time of night.
It's very simple to use.
You find your date on the outside.
This ring goes to set for what time it is.
Put the time on the date and you have a complete picture of what's up in the night sky at that time.
"This one's for northern hemisphere, they're also made for people for the southern hemisphere."
Be sure and get the right one for your hemisphere.
"Alright, now we've planted the lettuce, we've mulched it in, we've covered it, we've done all the things that we should do to make it easy and simple."
And now we're going to harvest some lettuce.
"And I start with my bucket of water, because as you're harvesting lettuce, it's always good to let the lettuce soak in some good, clean water first, after you pick it."
"And what we're going for is the small, young leaves here, very small."
"We aren't really in to eating a big, mature lettuce; we want the lettuce when it's young, when it's full of the young nutrients."
"That way, when we eat it, it will go in to us and create young, energized cells, instead of eating old lettuce, mature lettuce, which is at its end of its life, which we don't want to eat."
"We want to eat the lettuces when they're in, at the beginning of their life."
"That way it's nice and juicy, and sweet, and good."
We keep it in the bucket of water.
We keep it nice and moist from drying out while you're picking your lettuce.
"So, with the roasting of the garlic what I like to do is just cook it for like ten minutes."
"You got your roasted garlic and believe me this roasted garlic is gonna be wonderful, you're gonna love it."
And that's how it is.
I take it out and what I do then is I just get some tin foil and I actually wrap them up like a baked potato then.
"The reason I like to cook them first in the oven, it opens up and releases the flavors of the garlic."
"So, I'm gonna just add one like that."
"Again, I'm gonna add a little bit more olive oil to it, just a little sprinkle of olive oil like this."
"What you're gonna do is wrap it up like this, but you're gonna leave the top open just like that."
You're gonna put one there and you're gonna do all three of them and put them in your oven and leave them for about another 15 or 25 minutes depending.
"Again, so here we're just gonna show you real quick."
"Put it in here, gonna wrap it up, gonna add just a little more olive oil, real simple and put it here and what you're gonna do then is just open up your oven."
JOHN CARSTARPHEN: Hi.
Applying customized image maps to props and figures in Poser is a great way to change the look of things and to give your scenes a really unique flavor.
"But making those texture maps can be kind of a challenge and when you go to setup a new texture, it helps to see all the geometry of the item that you're texturing."
"So, to help with that, many content creators provide templates or seam guides to show where to put what part of the texture."
And here's an example of a typical seam guide.
"Not all Poser items come with templates, though."
"And using the original image maps as a guide, while it's better than nothing, can be really frustrating."
There is a utility that was developed to setup mapping data on polygonal structures to help in creating texture maps or image maps and it's called UVMapper.
It's a free program or a free version of it can be downloaded here.
"Hi, I'm Les Whitley, I'd like to talk to you about, measuring your pulse using your hand, while training or running."
"There are a lot of different ways to measure your pulse, through heart rate monitors or chest straps that you wear, or monitors you wear around your wrist."
"Training utilizing heart rate, or your pulse rate, is a great way to measure your progress, the level of intensity, as well as how you're improving through your training."
"If you don't have access to any of those training tools, simply using your hands to measure your pulse is an effective way to gage your training."
"Using your two middle fingers on the radial side of your hand, it's where the thumb is located, slightly through the indentation, press those two fingers lightly, to begin to feel your pulse."
"While running, you can actually palpate and feel your pulse a lot easier, because it's beating at a lot faster rate, but it's also beating more intensely, so you're more likely to feel that."
"The other way, is feeling at the cardial artery in the neck, it's slightly below on either side of the windpipe, pressing gently."
"Now, issues with this are pressing too hard, that may cause constricting or restriction of blood flow to the brain, especially while exercising, could compromise that blood flow to the point where you become light headed or even pass out."
So the radial pulse becomes a more popular way to check.
"Ways to check the pulse, you can actually do it for 1 minute, which gives you your beats per minute, or you can do it for 10 seconds, multiply that by 6, which gives you the 60 second count, or you can do it for 6 seconds, multiply it by 10, which again, gets you that 60 second, or the beats per minute."
"During a fast race, the less time that you have to spend taking your pulse, so utilizing the 6 second version, will actually minimize the time that it takes for you to get an accurate reading."
Now in this clip were going to talk about vitamins.
Studies have shown that although there are no real known causes of this particular syndrome some research is saying a certain deficiency in vitamins and minerals can actually produce add to higher chance of getting this syndrome.
"So folic acid and folic acid and iron deficiency can put you at added risk of getting restless leg syndrome, so in your diet, even if you dont get restless leg syndrome."
Its good to make sure that you also get your daily recommended supplements or intake of vitamins and minerals.
"So in the local drug store or super markets you can get ready, available as Ive shown here a lot of these products."
"Its readily available here we have a bottle of folic acid and you should also make sure that you get your recommended daily dose and that will also help to alleviate symptoms of restless leg syndrome, multi vitamins because a lot of these products have iron included into them but besides taking these supplements its recommended that you take it in from natural foods."
"So make sure that you eat a lot of foods that contain iron like liver, you know the greens, the green vegetables, contain iron and folic as well."
So besides taking in supplements and taking it from the food and the way that you cook your food as well maintain that the benefits are in tact before you eat it.
So restless leg syndrome can be prevented or reduced instances by making sure you have the daily intake of the recommended daily vitamins and minerals.
"O.k., so the next thing that we're going to do is called an in and out and I'm going to show the ladies their footwork."
Basically this is just a variation of the inside turn footwork that you learned before.
"It goes, back, rock, change direction, and turn, six, seven, basic, one, two, three, five, six, seven."
So all we're going to do is change directions.
"So instead of going, one, two, three and doing our inside turn this way, now we're going to go, one, two, change directions, and do the inside turn back the way we came, five, six seven, one two, three."
"So we do our back, rock on one, two, instead of coming together on three, we're going to step out to the side putting all our weight on the right foot, sticking that hip out a little bit."
Kind of like you're standing at the bus stop.
Alright?
"So this is three, now we're going to go back this way, exactly the same inside turn footwork."
"So we're going to start with our left foot, turn left, right, left, and basic, back, rock, together, so you end up facing the same way that you started."
One more time all together.
Okay folks in this clip I'm going to teach you how to draw a Capuchin monkey.
I'm going to start right here and we're going to do what first of all I would describe as just the basic outer proportions and dimensions of the monkey itself.
And we'll get to those in a second along with the feet.
"Now we're going to go back to the head right here, because that's going to be one of the more important parts."
"Now the first thing that you're going to want to do is the eyes, I think."
"And if you're drawing a cartoon, obviously you can do this a wide variety of ways, but I'll tell you one characteristic that this monkey has, his eyes are very dark."
"Most monkeys have very dark eyes, if you've noticed."
You don't see a lot of white in any of their eyes.
"So if I were you I'd fill up most of his eye with black, just to kind of give it the right effect."
"Then of course add a little personality, he goes kind of come up in the angle of his eyebrows a little bit."
"Start by drawing sort of an odd oval shape, which will be the foundation for your head."
The furry part being over here.
Just like that.
"Now we've got his back kind of going already, so kind of come down here and draw the fur along side his back, coming up here and give him a tail."
Another distinct characteristic I would say.
"Then come in and we're going to draw his back kind of coming on down like that, that will be the top back part of his body."
You don't have to make that as hairy if you don't want to.
"Now to add detail tot he feet, just ,kind of come in here along the bottom, hands same way."
"These Capuchin monkeys don't really have large hands, they have little bit smaller limbs."
So you don't have to add quite the length that you would add to say a gorilla or any other monkey really.
"Because a lot of them, I mean they do use their hands for climbing, but Capuchin monkeys a little bit smaller hands."
They're kind of like spider monkeys.
And that's pretty much it.
If you got that down you've got yourself a nice little Capuchin monkey.
"And as you're doing this, especially with free features, it's okay if you don't draw a perfectly smooth, straight lines like I did right here."
"Simply because you know a lot of times you're going to be feeling out the design, and there's nothing wrong with kind of experimenting while you feel it out."
"This line right here is going to be his leg, and it's going to kind of come behind what will be his arm."
So we're going to kind of draw it in like that.
"And monkey's often times will be found sitting in more squatted positions, so it's okay to kind of draw them that way."
"Make his arm kind of come out like that, both of them will kind of be resting right out in front of him."
"When you're changing tires, just remove the tire, put the tire back on, the jack is capable of holding the vehicle but it doesn't give a real stable, sturdy environment that allows us to work under the vehicle."
"So, if you're unfamiliar, just check your owner's manual and that will give the information on the jacking points."
"On this particular vehicle, the scissors jack is made to fit into a notch in the front and it's just behind the wheel right there and you'll find a large metal seam that runs down and that seam will run vertical and it places right in that notch there and you're just going to crank it upward in position and it will fit into that notch to raise the vehicle."
"Now, before we jack, we want to make sure that we have the vehicle in park and the emergency brake is set which we've done in earlier segments."
Okay.
"In jacking the vehicle, to make the jack raise, you simply crank the nut in the right position."
You can use your star wrench or the wrench that came with the vehicle.
"But as you'll see, you can only get so much movement and then you have to remove it and turn it until the jack starts to go up."
"As the jack is going up, the scissors collapse and that'll raise the height of this position up to where you'll have clearance later."
"But to make it easier, if you've got a ratchet from your tool set, a three-quarter-inch socket and a ratchet will make it much easier and quicker to raise the vehicle."
"And just slowly, while you watch, make sure that your jack goes into the nut."
There we go.
"I'm cranking it clockwise, as you see, it's connected and it's starting to raise the vehicle."
"As you're jacking up, just watch over everything."
Make sure that everything is going smooth.
And we want to continue to raise the vehicle with this jack just about as high as the jack will get it.
"The higher we can get, the more working clearance we're going to have down here once the wheel's removed to get access to the brakes."
Please watch our next segment on the part two of jacking the vehicle.
"One is the scissors-type jack and that's jack that's most commonly found on most vehicles today for the emergency jack for using--for lifting the vehicle, for changing a tire."
"So, I'll go through this method of using this jack and in the second method, we'll cover with a floor jack and go over the benefits of that and an industrial-style floor jack and the different applications for it."
"So, in this segment, we'll cover jacking the vehicle with your emergency or spare tire jack that comes with the vehicle."
Okay.
"If you're unfamiliar with your car or haven't jacked it up before, the jacking procedure can be found in the owner's manual and that's usually found in your dual box and you can go in there in reference and it'll show you exactly where to place the jack and how to use it correctly to raise your vehicle."
The only exception we have is we're going to use the jack to raise your vehicle and then we're going to put blocks underneath it and lower it back down and set it on the blocks or a jack stand and that's going to provide as a stable platform to work on the vehicle with.
"Hi, now we're going to get ready for the gravy."
I'm going to pour it into the turkey neck.
I'm going to bring it to a boil.
"After it has come to a boil, I'm going to turn the heat down to a simmer, put a lid on it, and simmer it for two hours."
Skimming it every so often.
"This will make stock, four and a half cups of stock for your gravy."
We're going to coat our turkey neck with oil.
"Both sides, we're going to rub it with salt and pepper."
We're going to turn your stove and your pan on to moderately high heat.
We're going to put it in the pan.
"And brown it for about three minutes on one side, the turkey neck, and then we're going to flip it over, turn the heat down to moderate heat, brown the other side for ten minutes, and then we will get ready to put in our stock."
"We're cooking the turkey neck for three minutes till slightly brown on one side, then flip it over, cook it for ten minutes on the other side."
And turn the heat down to a moderate heat for ten minutes.
"Hi, now it's time to add the remaining six cups of stock."
Hi!
This time I'm just going to make this one disappear.
"Put your finger and thumb together, let the elastic roll off into a little knot."
A little bit of magic and it's gone.
I'm going to show you some easy to do magic ticks that you can perform at work.
"Once you've done the rubber band finger cuff trick and everybody's recovering from the shock and awe of the illusion, drop one of the elastics when they're not looking."
"Then take 2 fingers, put them through the remaining elastic and twist."
"Then take your thumb, go underneath the whole thing up and around into that little bundle from the left hand."
"Pull out your middle finger, then go back into this position."
Now it looks exactly there's 2 elastics; just like the previous trick.
Make a big deal about it.
Then say well this time we're going to change it up a bit.
Remember when I told you it was so hard to collect Barbie dolls and the sense of knowing exactly all the different Barbie's that are out there.
One of the things that is difficult to do is remember which Barbie dolls you have when shopping so the best way to do that is to create your own list.
"You can do around the Barbie's to actually see how many you bought in the you know last month or how much your spending on your Barbie doll collection, or you know what years that your majority Barbie doll collection is."
You can actually keep track of all that information right in the computer and in addition to that there's another place that you can store information besides tracking it yourself on excel spreadsheet.
If you go out to barbiecollector.com it's actually a website by Mattel that allows you to track and keep track of all your Barbie dolls online with Mattel to actually let you store your collection.
I have my own tracking list that I actually have on Microsoft excel on my computer and I keep up with the Barbie doll and the value of what the Barbie doll is worth.
"For example, you can look at name of my doll where that doll is so for example my first one Kelly Club Santa Clause and then it will say the year that it was made which I found on the bottom of my box."
The third column consist of the nationality so for instance you get buy certain Barbie dolls like Caroling Fun actually come in African American doll the same as a blonde doll.
"So you need to know specifically which one you have so I would mark as 2003 Caucasian blonde cause some of them might be brunette, as well as red heads."
"So you have to keep track of that and then if it's a series I put that on there it it's a pink label, or some set of series at if 5 dolls came in that you want to track and keep that there as well."
"And then the doll type because sometimes I say more than just Barbie I save here friends as well like Ken, Kelly, and Christy and all those people that come as her friends."
So you need to keep track of all that and then the dollar value what that Barbie doll is worth.
So this is an example like I said of the list of the tracking list that you can keep track of you can actually even do a database on your computer if you so desire if you know access database or some of the other types of applications that are out there.
So here you have the possibility to look inside this kind of chipper shredder.
And you see here there's still some of the mulch is sticking here.
So that will be the movement but much faster when the thing is running.
"And normally after five to ten hours, it depends on how hot your wood is you just open the screws, you remove this knife here that's a two bladed knife so you can one times, just turn it around and use it on the other side."
"But when both sides are not sharp any more I use a little grinder, and grind the edges again until they are sharp."
"And you look here it has four knives, and you see the knives here they are on this part they are very sharp."
And when the material comes in here and this thing is turning then it cuts chip by chip off the wood that's coming in here.
"So you should be very careful with your hands, if the hand the finger would come in here it would cut as fast as wood chip."
"So, and this thing here is solid metal and weighs over two hundred and fifty pounds."
Because with a spin it's able to cut even logs up to eight inches.
Because there's a lot of physical power in a wheel spinning with over two thousand pounds per minute.
And each of these knives comes down there and cuts the wood in pieces.
"And because of these air handlers here, there's a wind produced that goes in there, goes around, and then blows like a you saw before, blows the material the cut material out of the chimney and blows it in the direction you want to have it."
Hi this is Yolanda Vanveen of vanveenbulbs.com.
We are going to talk about how to fix bad soil.
You are not going to be able to fix it no matter what you do.
"You can add some compost to it, you can add some potting soil to it but in the end you are still going to have good soil mixed with bad soil so work on top of it."
"Work with a big area, maybe dig some of the bad soil out and put some good soil on top."
"You can buy compost, you can buy potting soil or you can buy compost or potting soil at pretty much any local garden center and it might be a little bit of money but you can buy a big truck load for not really in the scheme of things a whole lot of money."
"Think about how much money you put into your property and just for a few flower beds, just a couple truck loads of dirt, even one bag of dirt if you live in a little condo, you can have a gorgeous garden."
So I really love raised beds and this is just composted soil that we had delivered and we put it in with a wooden bed and underneath is just rock hard compacted gravel and soil.
"There is really, underneath it is pretty, nothing is going to grow underneath it."
"But it is great because we are on a slope and it is good drainage, we are making a raised bed."
I'm getting the heat of the sun coming in and everything is going to do really well.
"You can fix your poor soil by putting good soil on top of it so even the worst clay or sand if you put compost or potting soil on top of it it will work its way down and a lot of times it will gradually break everything up and as the plants grow and they have their healthy roots into the good soil, the roots will eventually get into the bad soil and enrich it as well."
"Everybody comes to me and I've had the same problem, all I have is clay, everything is rock hard."
"So pretty much there is no excuse that you can't plant there or if I have bad soil, I have good soil, I have bad soil in my yard, I work with both and either way I have a gorgeous garden."
I can't get anything to grow.
"I live at the beach, all I have is sand, can I grow right in sand, what do I do, or I live up in the mountains with just rocks, I have nothing but rocks so how do I grow plants in these conditions?"
So my theory on all of that is don't fix it.
Work on top of it or dig some of it out and put some good soil in.
It doesn't matter what you have it is going to be good on the bottom so especially clay or sand it is great.
Well clay has drainage in the fact that if you put a big raised bed above it the water will just kind of go underneath the clay and leave the bag so your plant is pretty much just going to stay dry because they are up above the clay or if you have sand there is great drainage there so you don't have good soil so if you put a raised bed on top of that sand then you have got great soil with great drainage and everything is going to do really well.
"So pretty much you cannot fix your bad soil, give it up."
"Hello, my name is Scott and I'm the owner of Climb On!"
"indoor rock climbing gym in Wilmington, North Carolina."
This has been how to buy a portable climbing wall.
Today we're going to discuss buying a portable climbing wall.
Buying a portable wall can be done by finding a climbing manufacturer like Entre Prises or Nicros these are just two companies that sell these types of walls.
"You can check with your doctor, your chiropractor, your physical therapist or another health professional to help you with these things."
"These, unlike an electric wire, the electric conduction on a nerve bounces on the outside kind of like a kangaroo jumping."
Today I would be explaining to you how to make a garment bag.
It would make a nice gift for someone so these are nice ideas for gifts for people of all ages both male and female.
The one that we are making today would be for a young girl who might be carrying her clothes back and forth to a friends house or to visit with grandmother or something.
She might want to cover up what she is taking so it would not get dirty.
This is the fabric that we would be using today; a nice bright color for a young girl.
"But other choices that you might want to consider, these are other varieties of the bright colors but a solid color would work well."
Denim would work well that would be fine for a young man to carry his clothes in if it was denim.
Canvas would also work well.
"Any sort of print, any kind of trim, something to keep the clothes from getting dirty."
Also sorority girls seem to like something to cover all the garments that they need from one event to the next.
My name is Anthony Maddaloni and I'm going to be talking about photography lighting accessories.
Now photography lighting accessories can run in a whole range of photographic items that you can use.
Now certain manufacturers make items that you could put on your flash.
It is really nice to buy one they cost about 50 bucks but you could also make them out of certain things.
"Sometimes I just use old foam board and I make things out of them like that but those are lighting, flash lighting accessories that you can use in photography."
Mainly using lighting.
One is obviously a flash and the other is actually called a radio slave which I used to like to incorporate in my photography a lot.
"Now a radio slave is a type of flash that is triggered by frequencies that get put out by the flash on your camera so if I was photographing an event and I wanted a little bit of a fill flash to lighten up the background as my camera flash went off, that flash would go off in the background too."
That was really one of my favorite lighting accessories to use.
One lighting accessory that you can also use is a sink chord which you can attach to your flash unit so you can hold it off camera.
Now one really cool thing about that is that you can essentially use your flash and you can bounce it off of low ceilings thus not giving such a harsh lighting effect when people use on camera flash.
Those are pretty essential accessories to me.
Another would be like a flash card or a unit that you really can just sort of mount and it diffuses the flash so that it is not as harsh.
"Also Rob could say, ""No!"
That's preposterous!
I would never go to the theater.
I don't like the theater.
"I find it not to be my cup of tea,"" and then he uses cliches to influence and to add a little embellishment to his line and he says big words like ""preposterous."""
This can give us clues into a character.
This character might be shy.
This character might just be--likes to explain things and he might be more of an extrovert.
"A character who would say a word like ""preposterous"" might just be--might be someone who's kind of pompous."
"These give us clues, clues into who the characters are."
"Okay, we'll do an exercise. Someone asks Rob, ""Hey Rob! Were you at the theater the other night?"" Rob can reply in many ways."
How they talk gives us clues.
"Rob can say, ""No!"
"I wasn't in the theater the other night,"" or Rob can say, ""No."
I don't believe I was.
"I was at home watching TV."""
"So this way, we have a short response and a long response."
So you want to know more about belly dancing?
"Hi, I Johanna Krynytzky with Hip Expressions Dance Studio."
Now belly dancing can be done as a performance art.
"Entertainment, restaurants, weddings, all sorts of different parties, special events you can have a belly dancer."
"Or belly dancing can be done just for yourself personally; in your own home, in your living room, at the dance studio."
It's really just about expressing yourself and your emotions.
So belly dancing really is all about that personal expression through using your body.
So how would you describe belly dancing?
"I'm Johanna Krynytzky with Hip Expression Belly Dance studio, telling you about belly dancing."
What is belly dancing really all about?
It's a dance of celebration.
It's a dance where you're learning to move around and to be comfortable with your body.
It's a dance of isolation.
So it's isolating one part of your body without moving the other part.
"Ultimately, it's putting altogether in to a dance that's interpreting the music."
So it's really about the music that inspires you to move.
"This one is foldable and my chopsticks that I don't use at times but keep them in the back of the drawer so I'm not, so I don't have to get there a lot and because of the size of my drawer, I mix in all my spoons, my soup spoons and my other spoons, my regular spoons and just keep them all in one, in one piece as well as my salad and my dinner forks."
Keep them all in one section of this container so I have a place for my longer knife.
"So it's really about organizing, I mean everything that we've talked about, is really just about organizing it so that it fits your space and it makes sense to you and it's functional and practical."
"Ok, here we are, right?"
"What you are going to need to know, I've been saying it all along."
"Then a hundred left, like this."
This going to get you more familiar with the unicycle like I was saying before.
"Also in this next step, you are going to use the handle."
The handle is right here under your seat.
"You're going to hold onto the handle, get yourself adjusted."
Because a unicycle is going to move every which way.
It?s going to go forward.
It?s going to go backwards.
Its going to go side to side.
There's so much balance needed to do this.
"Use a wall or a person to help you learn how to ride a unicycle, right."
That your going to really want to get comfortable before you actually get going on your unicycle.
"So, sit down on your seat."
Do your walks.
After while start walking with your pedals at three and nine-o-clock.
This is going to help you get a little more uncomfortable with it.
"So once you've learned how to do the bottom rocks, learn to do the side rocks."
"And a good one to do is to stand up on it, and use your handle to get really familiar with the top of the unicycle here."
"So, we found a wall right here."
We have not started rolling yet.
"We have just gotten up to this wall, we got up on our unicycle using our dominate foot at six-o-clock."
Do your walking exercises here.
Hundred right.
Hundred left.
Then a hundred right like this.
"So you want to have the strap, the loop in front, and then bring the tail through, so that you're pulling back."
So this is an external rotation.
"Hello, I'm Sifu Mallon with the Clearwater Kung Fu center."
"This is my assistant Melissa, and this is kick boxing."
"Again with this, I'm staying stationary, right, but I'm still on my hips, and my legs can move in the side to side action."
"As I'm pushing from one side to the other, I don't want to straighten my leg completely up, but I do want to push a little bit up."
"Up, up, has this nice twisting action."
OK Melissa let's go ahead and come forward.
And we'll do the pad drill with each other.
So we start with our feet shoulder width apart.
"OK our hands are up, right, I'm putting a little bit back."
"OK, now to start the action, she's going to turn in this way slightly, she's going to allow this hand to kind of roll down a little bit, and then fire up."
Good.
"Now, once she makes contact with the pad, she's going to left it up here, and then the hand is going to come straight back, not loop up, but straight back to her this way."
We're working on pad drills today.
And then she's going to fire the other hand straight up and pull it straight in.
"Now she wants to use the body, you want to dip the hand a little lower before you punch out, that's it."
And I'm looking for the center.
And meeting that hand each time.
That's it.
"Good, relax."
"Again, my elbows are into the body this way, and I'm working the technique, boom, this way, this way, keeping my elbows nice and tight."
"For the punch, you're performing the uppercuts, we want to remember to twist a little, drop the hand a little low, like rotating it, and fire up."
"The hand comes straight back this way, the left hand drops down, I use the twist this way."
"So there's a nice counter action with your body, so there's a lot of body mechanics going on in these basic drills."
The pad drill that we're going to begin with is our uppercut drill.
"This is basic drill combos, kick boxing."
"OK, this one is a stationary drill."
OK just going through the action with it.
I'll start with my feet shoulder width apart.
"I'll twist to my left, OK twist to my left, and I'll fire my left hand up."
Boom.
"I bring my left hand to body, my left, right hand drops down, fire to right."
"Of course, this is fencing and so the blade does come into play."
"So when we are protecting ourself, one, we're looking to protect ourselves with our feet, but two, we do look to protect ourselves with our blade."
This is called parrying.
We use our blade to protect ourselves from our opponent's attack; it's called parrying.
There are several parries depending on where opponent's attacking and what we're trying to do.
"We may do one of several parries that allow us to stop the opponent's blade, and then make a riposte, or to hit them after we've protected ourselves."
"It can be done in place with maneuvering forward, backward, even sometimes with a lunge, depending on the needs and the tactical situation."
We'll go over three of the most important parries in sabre one at a time and how and when to use them.
"I'll show you these from different angles as well, different parries we might use, like so."
"Hi, I'm Natanya Nielsen from Saratoga Springs, Utah."
"Today we're going to talk about crochet basics, and we're going to start with the chain stitch."
"As your chain gets longer, simply slide your fingers towards your hook to help hold it stable, to help keep your stitches the same length."
"You want to practice being loose and controlled and relaxed as you do this, because the looser your chain is, the easier it is to continue your project."
We start with a slip stitch.
"To do your slip stitch, you're going to lay your yarn over top of your pinkie, wrap it around the back of your hand, and grasp it between your middle finger and your thumb."
Take your hook and lay it underneath your yarn.
"Then you'll twist it all the way around, grab your yarn with your hook, and pull it through the loop."
"Pull that loop tight, and you have your slip stitch."
"To start your chain stitch, you're going to grab the yarn with the hook part of your crochet hook, then you'll pull that through the loop that's already on your hook."
And you will have another loop on your hook.
You do the same thing over and over again.
"So, hopefully, now that you know how to do the frontwards weave, putting it all together into the backwards weave will be a snap."
Let's start by split time circles just like we did before and we're going to try one continuous cycle and then going back to split time circles.
Think of them going under the other one.
Under.
Good job!
Starting with my right arm.
One whole weave and then back.
"So again, each hand gets a chance to be on top."
My wrists are moving under each other as they cross.
Under.
Watch how the writ comes around my hand and under the other one.
This will enable you to do it without your Poi crossing and tangling with one another.
"If you get confused, just come back to split time circles and try again, starting with your right hand leading up to your left shoulder and around."
This is standard relaxation therapy for the low back.
A lot of people have low back problems and the low back is an area that often times doesn't get as much attention as it deserves.
Again be careful going across the base of the spine and be careful going across the sacrum as well.
You got bone there with not much else then skin on top of it.
So if you go too deep there it can cause pain and even bruising.
"Again good deep motion, you can get alternate deep strokes going."
It helps to warm things up.
That's going to be standard relaxation therapy for the low back.
As always start by assessing the area that you are working on with just some gentle effleurage.
Get an idea of the tonal quality of the muscles.
Low back is easily divided on either side.
And it's actually going to work over to the side and into the tops of the hip bones.
All those muscles are interconnected.
This is an area that once you've warmed it up with some good effleurage you can get deep effleurage going and then get into the even deeper pretissage.
The kneading motion.
Working around to the hip bone and even on to the very top edge of the gluteal muscles.
In this clip we're going to show you how to do side lying abduction.
"There's standing and then side lying abduction for the outer thigh, which is just an extension of the glute in your rear behind you."
It's not a separate muscle so you're still working behind but we're going to focus on the outside lateral aspect of the thigh.
"Bringing and stacking our hips, you've got an elbow right underneath the shoulder joint, nice square core, we don't want anything else to move."
"Now if you want to you can come all the way down and rest your head on your arm and we lift, exhale, inhale, down."
"We exhale on contraction, which that's the contraction phase on the lift and your forcing that energy, shooting it right out through your heal and release."
"Exhale, inhale, exhale, inhale."
"Now of course you can do this without tubing and get that down pat and then add in variable resistance, depending on the thickness of the tubing, will depend on how tight the resistance is and how quickly you'll become fatigued."
"So contract and release, keeping both knees bent and you always have the option for balance purpose to bend your bottom knee if you wish for more stability and then less of a balance challenge for you."
"Ten to fifteen reps, three sets."
"When you don't have a dry mount machine, then you need to mount something to a piece of matte board."
You take a piece of tape preferably a acid free piece of tape.
"If you don't have a acid free piece of tape, go to your medicine cabinet."
That white tape is acid free.
"You lay it down with the glue face up, adhere it to the picture like so and place your matte back over the picture where you want it to be."
"Press down on it, it will adhere to where it will stick to it."
"I usually run my thumb over the back of it like so, so I can ensure that I get a good set on my tape cause you don't want it to come off later in your picture to fall."
"Place it on top of your foam core that you cut to fit to the size of your frame, place the two together."
If you have played poker in the last five years chances are you played Texas Holdem'.
As popular widespread as fun as Texas Holdem' is it may have actually become pedestrian at this point.
You might be bored with Texas Holdem' maybe you have friends that play with that would be redisent to change from the Texas Holdem' cause of it's familiar area cause that is what you learned and you play it all the time.
"Well here is a game that gives you holdem' the holdem' layout, the holdem' type game but adds an extra element of skill and even an extra card to holdem'."
Hi.
"This is Jessica Smith with Blands Nursery in North Jordan, Utah."
"Now peonies, if you're planting bare root, you'll want to make sure that you plant the herbaceous types at least two inches below the soil level and the tree types at least four inches below the soil level."
"If you plant a peony too deep, it actually will not bloom for you."
"And also if you're using a bare root type or one that somebody's giving you off one that they've just divided remember, it may take some time for it to reestablish, so it'll be a while before it blooms."
"Peonies like a full, sunny location."
One of the best things that you can do for your peonies is actually give them support.
They're so top heavy that those big blooms will actually make them fall over.
So put a peony cage around them.
"Put it down around the plant early enough in the spring so as the plant grows up, it'll grow through it."
Today we're talking about peonies.
"Either pronounced peony or peony, depending on what part of the country you're from."
"They are an old time favorite in old fashioned gardens with huge blooms in the springtime and then after they're done blooming, it makes a nice little green shrub in any type of a flower bed or a shrub bed."
There are two types of peonies.
"The herbaceous types that die down to the ground each year and then emerge with new leaves each year, or the tree types."
"The tree types are a woody type of a plant, more like a flowering shrub."
Both of them produce those huge plants in the spring.
"When planting peonies, make sure you prepare the soil with some nice, organic matter."
What we are going to go over and talk about are the common qualities of the multi purpose or dry chemical fire extinguishers.
Dry chemical fire extinguisher is a fire extinguisher that will handle all three classes of fire.
"Class A normal everyday combustible like wood, paper and cloth."
"Class B flammable liquids and combustible liquids and class C, energized electrical equipment."
This is the type of fire extinguisher that is commonly found in most places of business and everyone's home.
This extinguisher has a gage that it shows you when it is charged and ready to go.
It is a one time use fire extinguisher.
After it is used it must be recharged to be put back in to operation.
"This extinguisher however, has a disadvantaged, it causes a significant amount of dry powder or chemical to be spread throughout the room of origin in the fire."
But it is the most versatile fire extinguisher available to us as American citizens.
There are as many different ways to take of your tattoo as there are tattoos also.
Everybody's got a theory.
"It's easy, a little thing of antibacterial soap in your pocket or whatever."
You go to the bathroom; while you're washing your hands go ahead and wash up here too.
Doesn't hurt anything.
"As far as Lubriderm or petroleum based products or all these ointments and salves, really the simpler the better."
Less is more.
"The most important thing is just don't pick at it, don't scratch at it, don't sleep on it and get it stuck to your bed, don't let it get stuck to your clothing and don't over do it."
If you've got a lotion that's heavy in fragrances it's going to burn because it's going to have alcohol in it so it's going to hurt.
You can use but why would you want to?
You don't have to smell good.
You'll be healed in 3 or 4 days so it's not a big deal.
"Vaseline Intensive Care, Lubriderm fragrance free of course."
All these products work.
"And all of them have a little bit different way of doing it and your artist will give you, actually most states require that your artist gives you written instructions as you leave the studio."
"So it might be very different than what you leave with at our studio and each studio probably has their own theory of of how to do that but as long as it's reasonable I say, I say follow that."
"There are things you want to look out for when you're healing a tattoo such as cleaning products like if you're cleaning your bathroom and you just got your sleeve done, you might not want to get bleach all over your arm."
Thing like that can cause adverse reactions however it's not the end of the world either.
Now of it is life threatening or or or horrifying at all.
As far as the actual healing goes there's a lot of products on the market.
We sell a lot of them here at All or Nothing.
"Hi, this is Rachael Richardson with Nutrolution in South Beach Miami, Florida."
In this clip we're talking about how to eliminate the junk foods.
The most important thing that you do here is you start with healthy grocery shopping and start with planning.
"So, knowing what you're going to bring with you and bringing it with you when you're out on the road so that you're not subject to whatever types of restaurants and options that you have."
"So, if we're on South Beach, right here on Ocean Drive, and I don't know if you can see behind me to this direction, but there's Johnny Rockets, there's a Fat Tuesday's, and all kinds of other places that we probably can't get any good healthy food from."
"So, what I've done, in this case, is I've brought a few snacks with me, a couple transportable snacks that I've brought are an apple, a small apple, a small pear, and I've even also brought a couple of healthy protein bars that are balanced in protein and healthy fat and a little bit of carbohydrates."
"So, also keep in mind that you want to stay on the perimeter of the grocery store when you're shopping and these are the best ways to get the junk food out of your diet."
This is Rachael Richardson and this has been how to plan to avoid junk food.
"When you're creating your layers for the vision, that happens a lot when you're doing pictures, and also when you're kind of building on a theme."
"So, when we started with, ""Money does grow on trees"", it was important for me to really, visually express that and verbally express that."
"So, even though this is incredibly materialistic, completely superficial, and totally ""over-the-top"", because it's just money and has nothing to do with anything but loving money, I can still take it in my vision board and bring it to a level where it really means something to me."
"If I'm earning money and people are paying me to sing my music, I'm communicating something that really means something to me, that hopefully will benefit people in the world."
"And if it's ""just in time for spring"", then I'm celebrating the world, I'm celebrating creation."
"So, when you look at what you're putting into the board, make sure that you really have an understanding of while you're having fun with it, what it really means to you, because if you connect into it on an emotional level, then it's going to have more meaning for you."
"And then, you're going to be able to have some really cool things show up in your life."
"So, that's why I got pictures of two trees."
"Now, I didn't just pick one tree, because one isn't exactly what it says."
You want to be very specific in the layers of how you put your vision together.
"And then I wanted to have lots of fun things growing on the trees, so I have $6,004,538.00 is one of the amounts of many growing on one of my trees."
"Well, that makes me smile, I think that would make anyone smile."
"And then, you know, adding ""Go Green"" and the little decorative hearts--things that are going to add to it so that you have some depth in what it is you're creating."
"It's really, really important when you put these vision boards together that you go deeper into who you are as a person, that you really understand why is it that you want this."
"And for me, if money is the root of generosity, my having more money gives me the ability to do more for more people."
And now lets think about how you can enrich your community by having a fabulous gallery.
"Let me tell you how much people tell me they love what Im doing, they really do and not only that Im bringing people from outside the community here, Im sharing beauty in a public venue and people from anywhere."
"This guy came back yesterday from Tokyo, thats his second visit to Varga from Tokyo, thats a big deal you want to reach out to the community, you want them to love what youre doing, you want them to feel like they want to come back, you want them to send other people as well and when you make your community a better place, by making your building beautiful, by planting beautiful flowers, by showing artwork outside, everybody appreciates it."
"It enriches the area and it makes people happier to be here even if theyre not happy in their regular lives, theyll be happier because youre in it and thats good and thats what a gallery should be."
This type of neck opening/collar is a turtleneck.
"What I have done is typically when we have a turtleneck, we will see it folded down and smooth."
And there's a turtleneck with it folded over.
What I did here was I'm representing it if you fold it all the way up.
If you don't flip it over.
"You just have it standing up straight then it would have drape because obviously, this distance from your shoulder to your chin is not going to be as long as the neck on the shirt, the actual shirt, so it's going to end up bunching because you're going to have it pulled up and your neck is going to push it down."
So that's what I drew here.
"But if you have a regular turtleneck, here I'll show you how to draw it if it's folded over."
Obviously these are drape lines.
"So first do your little around the neck thing, and then this is the fold line, that's where it folds down over."
And there's our neckline seam.
In this clip we are going to go over the different types of bleeding that can occur and the different aspects of treating it.
The last type is our arterial bleed.
This one is very important because it's a major life threat and you could die from it very quickly.
Arterial blood is the bleed is described as bright red squirting blood.
This will come in spirits with every time your heart beats.
It's important that when you come across an arterial bleed that you immediately go for the steps of treatment.
"What that would include would be first direct pressure, elevation, pressure point and last is the tunicate."
There are three different types of bleeding that you should be aware of.
"What they are is capillary, venous and also arterial."
Capillary bleeding is one of the most minor.
It usually requires no intervention at all.
That can be something such as a rug burn or what we call an abrasion where you have actually torn the skin off and you have what is an oozing type of blood coming out.
Next is a venous type of blood.
Venous blood will normally be dark and it's normally going to be a nice steady constant flow of blood.
That's what most people see and it's pretty common.
"This hairstyle is good to use if you're drawing something that's evening wear, something that you have a very simple and elegant evening gown, a simple dress, something that you don't want the hair to compete with, in any way, in any way, shape or form."
"Nothing all that hard, it's just a low bun, at the nape of the neck, hair is swooped over."
"If you're designing a collection of work cloths, this is always a good one to use."
"You could even use this hairstyle on every single drawing that you do and just make it uniform, throughout."
I've done that before and it ends up looking really good at the end because you have uniformity.
"We start with our part and then decide where you want the bun to be, as I said earlier, nape of the neck, low and then throw some in front of the face but still do it with order, like it was intentional."
There you go.
"ALEXSON ROY: So our next related sports massage athletic condition is mostly what gymnasts and swimmers get, and that's problems with their latissimus dorsi, which is also known as big swim."
And then you have your teres minor as the little swim.
"So once again, everything is away from the spine."
"Spine is not really a joint, the joints maybe within, but this is not really a joint."
"The thing is you'll want to push it away from the actual spine 'cause this muscle right here along the spine is going to get really tight, and then the latissimus dorsi gets really, really tight because the spine is so tight."
"So once again, push it down, push it out, okay?"
Push down and then out.
Push down and then out.
Then maybe repeat that a couple of times until you feel it just gives a little bit.
"And they call it big swim, little swim because your latissimus dorsi is all of this right here, all the way up to your scapula."
"This whole entire muscle, like, of your lower back all the way up into your scapula, okay?"
"It's at the bottom part, okay?"
And your teres minor connects right in here.
"It's a little muscle that kinda attaches right through here, okay?"
"So this is the big swim, and then this is the little swim."
"They have the same point of origin but different points of insertion, but it is truly effective when you kinda do that front stroke, okay?"
"Or let's say you're a gymnast and you're hanging and you're trying to pull yourself up, something like that."
Film festivals are a way to go.
It's just depends.
"If you're a film festival type of person, you're like going to festivals."
"You're like competing that way, do it."
"It's always good to enter a couple of festivals, if it's not your thing, just don't do it anymore for future films."
"But my route usually is, since I know where the program's going to go, what my intention is, it's kind of a waste of time for me to send it to a film festival because I rather just get it in the video stores."
I'd rather just get on PBS and wait the six months or whatever before I could send it out there because usually there's stipulation with the film festivals is you can't have your film distributed.
You can't hand it out to distributors yet.
It has to be kinda like an untouched product.
"So, that'll add time."
"If you have time, you're in no rush you do the film festivals if you definitely want to get the thing out there, get it sold."
"For some things, I think film festivals worked a lot better years ago, but they don't work so good now 'cause there's so many film festivals and a lot of them just seem ways, I won't name any film festivals, but they seen ways for the film festival to make money off the filmmakers 'cause there's so many filmmakers, so many films being made."
You're probably going to have to forego that route.
"They have like an entry fee, 50 or 100 bucks or whatever, and they're making a lot of money, now, hundreds or thousands of people send in their film with their $50 or $100."
"So, it is business for the film festival, the companies who were doing the festivals."
"If you get accepted on festival or if it gets shown, that's a way for the publicity that kinda works for the publicity and the hype."
"And if you win any award, it's always good to say ""Oh I won so-and-so award""."
"And that's, again, for the distributor, he has all the newspaper articles or internet reviews or whatever, it's as sure as the same purpose."
"Just because you're accepted, and let's say, you win for a second or third prize at a film festival, it doesn't mean you're going to get a distributor."
It doesn't mean that distributors going to pay more money or whatever.
"In this clip we're going to learn how to improve our math skills, and don't fool yourself."
"Just like I said in the other clip practice, practice, practice okay."
Ask your teacher for help.
Ask for help.
The first thing you could do is practice every day for 15-20 minutes especially if you don't have any homework.
You must practice a little bit every day.
I give my students homework and what I do is I give them twenty problems to do from one week to the next.
"Maybe twenty five problems, but I expect them to do only 3 problems per day."
"That's three times seven is twenty one or three times eight is twenty four, just three problems per day."
That way they get used to the idea that they must practice the mathematics every single day whether they have homework or not.
That's what makes the difference between the As and the Cs okay.
So also get together with one of your friends who knows their math really well and they could help you too.
I'm going to tell you about a basic part of skateboarding which is the kick turn.
"Once you learned how to change your direction on the skateboard by leaning, you can turn the skateboard by a kick turn."
"Anticipate the turn of your body, feel it in your legs pressure on the back tail knees bent spin, the rest of the body around, 360 degrees."
Before long you'll be using this trick to help you learn other tricks and it will help you learn how to keep your body with skateboard moving at all times.
A kick turn involves putting pressure on the back tail and spinning the board on the back wheels.
"A kick turn can be any number of degrees 90, 180 or completely 360."
Practicing these tricks will help you learn how to move with the skateboard and not against it.
Simply stand on the skateboard move you back foot to the ollie position then as soon as you lift up the front of the skateboard begin to twist your body until you feel comfortable.
Place the front wheels back down.
Let's try a simple 180 kick turn.
"Notice I begin to turn as soon as my back foot puts pressure on the tail, one swift motion."
To turn sharper and faster you can make sure that your back foot is even further back on the tail and give your body more twist.
The great thing about aqua water fitness is you can basically do it anywhere there's a pool.
Whether it's just a day out in the sun with the family or your own traveling around.
Most hotels have pools where you can jump right in.
Now most people have the idea that working on a pool you're not really getting a great fitness workout.
"But that's totally wrong, you can push yourself just as hard as you need to running on a treadmill, working with weights, no equipment needed to just hop in the pool."
The water creates a resistance so that you're working your shoulders all the way down to your toes depending on which muscle groups you're going to focus on in the pool.
It's so important to treat this just like you would any other workout.
"Warming up your muscles, getting your heart rate up, getting that blood flowing throughout all of the muscles."
"So the first thing you want to do is to hop into the pool, start running back and forth so that we can really get that cardio vascular system up and going."
"Okay, another form of artifactual communication is your clothing."
What you wear gives a very strong impression of who you are.
"The only thing that you want to consider when it comes to clothing is, are there certain times where you need to alter that expression."
"For example, when I teach college class I always bring this up to my students."
I tend to dress a little more conservatively.
"And I ask my students on the first day of class, when I walked in the door, what was your impression of me?"
"And they rattle off, all these complimentary things of course, because they all want A's."
"But then I say to them, what would you have thought if I had walked through the door in a tank top and cut off shorts."
And they're all in shock because they wouldn't quite know what to think of that.
"But, it would give them an entirely different impression of me because I say to them, ""What would you think of me as a professor if I did that""."
"And the answers are always completely different, than what the initial perception was because of the way I dress."
So dress is a non-verbal and it's just something to consider again based on whatever situations you might be going into.
"Like me, I like red sweaters."
I wear my red sweater almost everyday.
That's a big part of who I am.
And everybody has a different style.
"You know, maybe your style is more formal."
Maybe it's more casual.
"Maybe you have a very Bohemian style, where you dress very eclectically."
"Neither is good or bad, it simply is a non-verbal impression of who you are."
"Now that we've got one of our photos edited, let's go ahead and edit the other background photo which is going to actually add to our scene here and that one's going to be this one here."
"And actually what we can do is we can come over here and hit these little ""eyes"" here and turn off all of our other layers except the layer we are going to use."
And this tree looks kind of funky.
It looks like he's got some bananas in here and some grapes and stuff.
We don't want all this.
Nor the background fence and the house and stuff.
"But I do want the leaves and I want this branch here and I want this branch here, just for background purposes."
I don't want this one.
So what we can do is we can actually come through here and we can Quick Mask what we are going to keep here.
This is another way of selecting the things that you want.
"So come over here and what you're going to do, your going to hit your Quick Mask button which is this button here, with the square and the circle inside of it."
And then we are going to go into our Brush tool because that is the only way our Quick Mask button will work.
Let's go ahead and name this one.
Let's bring our brush size down a little bit and what we're going to do is we are just going to come in here and we're just going to paint this selection here.
"Now this is going to take us a minute to do, to do all this, and to do all the leaves so I'll go ahead and get in here and get this right."
Let's go ahead and zoom in.
Now I can release off of my tool and then come back to it and brush because what we're doing is really just painting.
Now when you get to the edges if you want to you can actually use a soft paint brush if you want to select your edges here.
"And what's going to happen is, after we've selected what we want, we can come in here and hit our Quick Mask tool and release it."
"And as you can see, everything that I've painted now becomes a Selection."
But it's not really a Selection.
What it is is an Inverse Selection.
You might not be able to see this here but I can see I have a bounding box all the way around the outside of my picture.
Oops.
"So what I want to do is hold down Command-Shift-Command and then hit ""I"" which is going to inverse that selection and actually select everything in here."
And what I would do is I would delete everything outside of this Selection.
"Or if I have my Quick Mask tool on, I could just leave it on and use my Erase tool and erase everything that is inside of this Selection before I Inverse it."
"So this is how we are going to select this out, continue on with it, and I'm going to pause here, do what I need to do and we'll come back in the next section."
Let's not do that.
There we go.
Let's name this Apple Branch and what we are going to do is let's pick our Pick tool.
Let's move this in the center here so I can see it.
Hit Command-Space Bar to get our Zoom tool option.
And as we can see here we've got a lot going on.
"So, that, if you do a dash line, it means it's on the inside of the fabric."
"It's technically, invisible."
"O.k., the drink we're about to make is called a Pink Limon."
We're going to serve this up in a martini glass.
So put some ice and water in there and let it sit while you're making your drink and it'll be nice and cold.
"Alright we're going to measure out one and a half ounces of Bacardi Limon, our lemon flavored rum."
And we're going to follow that up with two ounces of sour mix.
And next we'll add a half ounce of cranberry juice.
"Let me add a little bit more than that, make sure it gets nice and pink."
"Alright, now we're going to shake it up, get everything nice and cold."
"Go ahead and pour out your ice water and get your strainer, pour it in, very full."
And that is a Pink Limon.
The next cast we're going to learn is the overhead cast.
The overhead cast has two directions.
Notice how this is raised up?
And then all we do is drop our elbow down.
Drop.
And there is our completed overhead cast.
"Now that you've learned the movements, we are going to make the cast with the rod, reel, and line."
It has a back direction and a forward direction.
It's always best to start out with a short amount of line and learn to cast it well before you go for the gusto and the distance.
"So, we're going to do just like we did with the Roll cast."
"We're going to start with our tip down, we're going to lift, we're going to slide back like this."
"Now, notice how we flick out rod tip up?"
"Flick up, there, and there's our cast."
"So, as you've noticed as I brought this rod up, my head actually followed my hand and I went up to my rod tip to see the line and I came forward."
When you're learning this it is really crucial that you watch the timing of the rod and the line as it works.
The back direction is the hardest to learn because it's really difficult for us to essentially learn to make our muscles cast backwards and then go forward.
So the overhead cast is used when you have lots of room behind you to make a forward cast and a back cast and you're not limited with back cast room like we did with the Roll cast.
"Now, I can pretty much guarantee you, if you have been chosen to be a best man or a maid of honor, you are going to be giving a wedding toast."
"But you might not necessarily be in one of those positions, but you still might have been asked to give a wedding toast."
"Don't panic, don't freak out, it's really not difficult."
"I'm going to show you step by step, the way in which you want to write this speech and then I'm going to give you some really important information about what to do and what not to do, especially in relation to delivering the speech."
"A wedding speech is really important, not so much for you but for the bride and groom, especially the bride because I guarantee you, the words that you say she, and maybe he, will remember for the rest of their lives."
"But, it doesn't have to be a freak out."
It's super simple.
"Come on, I'll show you."
I've done a rough sketch with the pen.
"I'm now going to work over that, with black acrylic paint."
"I understand that, I just don't do it."
I paint the way I feel intuitively that I should go.
So in this section I want to do the tiger first.
"Yes, when I start painting behind, I may overlap onto the black, but that's okay, then I'll paint the black again."
"It's my particular method, and I said earlier, I have a tendency to paint in strange ways, I don't follow the norm."
But this is the way I do it.
And I think my point here is that I celebrate my way.
"So, anybody else's way I also celebrate, as long as they don't try to tell me to do it there way."
"Most of the paint I've used for the walls and the murals is actually just a standard interior eggshell, which I got from the paint store."
"I'm not trying to tell anybody to do it my way, I'm just showing you what I do."
"As you know you can get any color mixed up that you like, so I had a variety of colors that I worked with."
"When I want to go into details, then I use my acrylic paints for the bright red flowers, and the blues and the black on the tiger."
"Hi, I'm Chris Murray, and I'm going to show you how to warm up using touch drills."
"In soccer, it's very important for you to warm up with and without the ball."
This is another way to really get your legs warm for a soccer game.
Another touch drill to do before a soccer game is just simple dribbling.
By dribbling around in a large area or even in a small area really allows you to get a feel for the ball.
And those are just some touch drills to do when you warm up for soccer.
By warming up without the ball allows you to get your muscles warm enough and be able to stretch.
By warming up with the ball really gets you a feel for the ball and gets you ready to play.
Some little touch drills that you can do to warm up are extremely simple.
One touch drill that you can do to warm up is just boxes on the ball.
Boxes on the ball are done by having the ball in between your feet and touching the ball back and forth.
This really allows for you to get your legs warm and for you to get a feel for the ball.
Another touch drill that you can do to warm up for soccer is touches on top of the ball.
"Touches on top of the ball are done by just jogging in place, touching the top of the ball with the soles of your feet."
Hello. This is J.B. I'm with Austin Homebrew Supply here in beautiful Austin Texas. Today we're talking a little bit about wine making equipment.
"So, by using one of these refractometers you're able to figure out the sugar content of whatever liquid you're trying to; you're trying test the sugar content of."
"So, that's just a little bit about how to use a refractometer."
"Now, right now I want to talk about a particular testing instrument called a refractometer."
"A refractometer is one other way, one other testing instrument that you could use to figure out the sugar content in a liquid."
"So, with the refractometer what you would do; you would take the refractometer and you would take the pipette that is also part of the refractometer kit and let's say you're out in a vineyard and you want to test the sugar content of a grape."
"You would simply take one of the grapes off the vine, break it, use your pipette to draw a sample out of it and then open the cover on the refractometer, take your pipette, put a couple of drops on it, on the face plate here and then drop that cover back down."
"Then you would simply take this guy, hold it into the sunlight and look into the end of it."
There would be a scale that will be generated by this face plate that when you read it from the inside there will be a line at the particular sugar content that this particular grape has.
"Here is another couple of examples of what the Holga does, and does fairly well."
"This is an image taken with the Holga with a flash, very cloudy day."
"So again, the subject is just right in front, and then the background, the people there, it just is completely flattened out, almost like that's a painting or a backdrop behind her, or him."
This is actually one of the original munchkins from the Wizard of Oz.
And the Holga tends to make strange situations or strange images even stranger.
And that's sort of what I feel it did in this image.
"It just really looks, really...the flash hit her, and just really made a very interesting image."
"And also this image - the Holga tends to do something to backgrounds, where it flattens them out, and that has a lot to do with the aperture that is in the Holga."
"But it also, it just makes things look like a movie still, which I find it does again and again and again."
And it's sort of back to that Holga being a one-trick pony sort of thing.
"And it actually, you know, if you utilize it properly, it's an absolutely amazing tool."
O.k.
"What we're doing as we have our piece of paper in front of us and we're going down that outline and we're writing our thoughts is we are trying to look for holes in the other person's case or theory, if you will."
We're going to make an analysis of those and then we're also going to need to take a look at their evidence.
"And their evidence are the things that they have found in research that prove these arguments to be true, or support these arguments."
So those are the two things that we're going to take a look at to try to refute the persuasive claim.
Let's look at evidence first.
Where are the mistakes that they made in their presentation?
So we're going to do an analysis of their evidence and their arguments.
"And of course what their arguments are, are things like ""Well, it?s cruel to take animals to the slaughter house."" That would be an argument."
"""Abortion is wrong."" Ten year track appointments for professors are a good thing or a bad thing. Whatever it is. What are their arguments?"
In the following clips we are going to talk about the correct procedure for replacing your upper and lower ball joints on a 2-wheel drive full size vehicle.
"Right here, just a chunk of pipe."
I'm going to slip on the handle.
What that's going to give me is the mechanical advantage over this stubby handle.
"Just due to the style of vehicle you may be working on, you may have to do some pressing and change your cup configuration."
I'll go over that with you here shortly.
What we're going to do is run the ball joint down until it's tight.
"When it's tight, I'm going to release my drive screw and check and see if I can actually get my snap ring on the ball joint itself."
There we are good and tight.
You break it loose.
"As you can see my ball joint in not pressed entirely through the hole, we?re going to have to change our configuration slightly to continue squeezing the ball joint into the location it's going to need to be in."
"In this clip, we're going to talk about the actual procedure used for pressing in your new ball joint."
"As you can see, I changed my ball joint driving configuration slightly."
What I did was take my cup from the bottom and moved it to the top.
"Depending on how much room you have when you're pressing in your new ball joint, you may have to switch it back and forth."
These clamps come in various different sizes.
The particular one we had only had enough throw to get it started and then we would have to switch it and drive it through.
"The larger one are, of course, more expensive and your parts store may not carry it."
"The kits are designed to be extremely universal, so if you put the kit together correctly, you can do any ball joint on the market."
I've got my configuration changed.
"I'm going to take my ratchet and put it back on the drive screw, my cheater pipe and finish pressing my ball joint in place."
All right.
I have my half-inch drive ratchet with a seven-eighths socket.
And that is proper way to seat your ball joint.
What I'm going to do is loosen up my clamp and get it out of the way.
"As you can see, my ball joint is pushed all the way through."
You can actually take and look and see the groove that our snap ring seats in.
You can take and feel it underneath at shoulder and make sure that there is no gap.
We don't have one.
That's the proper way to press in your new ball joint.
The ball joint press itself has a hex head on it which where you are going to put your socket at.
It's either a seven-eighths or a thirteenth-sixteenth.
Those are the only one's that they have on the market.
I'm going to take my socket and stick it on there and tighten the screw down.
You may need to use a cheater pipe.
I have one here handy.
When sanding our pieces we just want to start by sanding the outside of our frame.
You can flip it over and get that inside part.
The next thing that we need to do is break the edges and what I mean by breaking edges is take some sand paper along each edges that is going to be showing.
Or someone could potentially touch it and we are just going to sand lightly and just round over those edges just a tinnie tiny bit.
Now the reason that we do this is so if somebody bumps into it once it is finished it does not chip off a chunk of the finish and make it look bad.
By breaking these edges is would really help prevent that.
"So, what I am holding in my hand is a thirty-five millimeter negative carrier."
"And, what you do with this is you put your negative in here and you close it."
I like doing it on a light table.
"When I talk about printing, I am going to show how to do it on the light table."
"But for today, I just want to show you how this enlarger works."
The notches me.
"I pull the head open, and what I do is I slide it in and I make sure it fits perfectly."
"Thus, the light can shine through my negative onto my photographic paper and I am on my way to making a print."
Put this top part back on.
"Now, there are a million designs of these type of carriers, but what I am showing you today is a design for this one."
This is pretty common actually.
"The thing you want to remember, is to make sure that all the pieces fit."
This notch should meet with this notch.
What you do not want to do is have something that looks kind of wrong.
Like the notches are not fitting correctly.
"When you are putting your negative in here, you really want to take your time."
"So what are loops, those are those things that you do on letters like h, on y and g, and we are going to look at the size and shape of the loop."
"So when we are talking about loops, we are talking about letters such as h, where you see there is an upper loop or g, where there is a lower loop."
"Ok, now that would be what I would call an average size of loop."
"Now if you have a loop which is very rounded, that might be, like that , like that, you see how rounded it is, and that means a person who is very open to other people's ideas, what we call in hypnosis, suggestible."
"Alright, or you can have a loop which is not at all rounded, or in fact missing even, it might be like that, or like that, and that is a person who is a lot less suggestible, less open to other people's ideas, tends to have their own opinion on things, they tend to be more analytical a bit more critical."
"Another type of loop, is a loop which is actually pointed at the top, if I can do that, or at the bottom, pointed, now I didn't do that very well, but you can try and see what I mean there, anytime you have this point here, that indicates a level of neurosis, that's kind of like over thinking things."
"Ok, the other thing to look at with loops, is are we having an emphasis on the left hand side, or the right hand side, see what I mean of the letter, so anything which is on the left hand side indicates, the past, and on the right hand side, indicates the future."
"So this person here, if they had a loop like that, you might say they are very, they tend to look back at the past a lot , and could be someone who is a little nostalgic, some one like that, and this would be someone who is a bit more forward thinking, and they like to think about things in the future."
One of the things that you really don't want on a job for when you're working from a home office environment is distractions.
It's so easy- and this is actually true whether you work from home or any typical office setting.
"What you want to do is completely avoid e-mails and voice-mails if you can, until you're completely done with your most important things for that day that you need to get done."
"And if that's not possible, then at least schedule in times, maybe once or twice a day when you will attend voice-mails and e-mails, but don't go over that time."
"And anything you can't get done, it probably wasn't the most important thing anyway, so you'll be okay."
"But as far as e-mails, and voice mails go, those are kind of your big time consumers if you let them be."
"I know for my self, and I've talked to a lot of other people who work at home, who have found that, who has somewhat challenge, when you're constantly checking your e-mail, there's always something coming up that you can do."
"And a lot of times it's not the most important thing, but you get sucked into it, and before you know it an hour is gone."
"So here I go to my e-mail, oh lets see, okay, yeah, this guy he wants me to write an article for him, this is important I better get back to him."
"Oh, okay, he wants to know, oh what do I do, okay, I got to get and see my resume, some writing samples."
"You know what, there's an effective way to do things, and an ineffective."
The ineffective way is to just attack everything as soon as it comes.
"That's not effective because you'll be- if you do that, you can easily use up eight hours in a day responding to e-mails and voice-mails, and you're not going to get anything done."
It's important to talk a little bit more about main springs and the rise of main springs because it really allowed the American clock and just redo blast them in a way that it could've if they were confined to making big cases that had to have weight descending inside them.
"You really, suddenly with main springs powering the clock, you could make much smaller clock, you could make clocks that were inexpensive as well and it could fit in people's homes in a different way."
"This is a, from a French clock, but instead of the spring being out in the air and expanding, the spring is contained within a barrel."
"This system works basically the same, but it keeps the spring cleaner and allows you to have, have the spring gear driving in and perhaps a little bit more effective weight then these open springs even though you have the expense and complexity of building a main spring barrel."
"This is just an example of a Ansonia Ironing Clock, but spring driven."
"If this clock had weights in it, it have to be the size of the OG clocks or the Pillars and Scroll clocks that we talked about before."
"I've got a couple of main springs here to look at, and these are steel."
"I mentioned that brass main springs were used initially by Terry and Andrews and some others, but they were, they weren't as good for a number of reasons."
"So these are steel main springs; often when a main spring breaks, that's what the problem is and we'll talk about servicing clocks later, but this is what's powering the clock, it's your energy that winds it up tight."
Most of these clocks have open springs.
"Well, if you look in the back at the movement or if we look in my, the movement on the stand we saw before, you can actually see the main spring that expands as it's running and gets small and gets nice and tight and small when you've wound it up."
"Many clocks, however, contains the main spring inside of barrels."
This exercise is for spinal extension.
Working the muscles in the back.
Closing the ribcage to protect your back.
Inhale.
Come forward to stretch out the back.
Exhale.
Come back.
Closing the ribcage.
Inhale.
Forward.
Exhale.
Back.
Go ahead and center your ball in front of your body and lean into the ball.
"And, inhale."
Forward.
"And, when you are done, go ahead and stretch over the ball."
Hug it.
Separating the scapula to release those muscles in your back.
"So, the ball should be just up above your pelvis."
Digging your hipbones into the ball.
Bring your hands to the back of your head.
"Or, if you want, you can bring your hands out here."
Gently touching the back of your head.
Head is in line with the spine.
Take a nice inhale and exhale come back.
Another very important part of our weight management program is understanding energy sources.
The body has two sources of the energy that it needs.
"What this product does is it tricks your body into thinking that the glycogen has been depleted, so the body will start burning fat immediately."
"The way this works is like this: you consume an Access Bar 15 minutes before activity, on an empty stomach, and your body will immediately start burning fat."
There are several benefits to this.
"One: you don't get lactic acid buildup, which is what happens when the body is burning sugar."
"There is also no fatigue, which also happens when the body is burning sugar."
"And the third benefit is no muscle soreness, which is one of the greatest inhibitors to the continuity in an exercise program, because if you're sore the next day, you're not likely to get up and go at it again."
"The important thing is to be able to enjoy the exercise and utilizing the Access Bar, and applying this whole concept of the energy system is what enables us to really be able to enjoy the activity, so we look forward to it, to the next day."
"It can either burn fat, or it can burn sugar."
"Naturally we're all trying to burn fat, because we're trying to streamline our bodies, and we're trying to lose weight."
But the problem there is that the body is programmed to protect its fat source.
"So, basically it has to deplete the glycogen, which is the sugar storage in the blood, before it will even begin to burn fat."
"This means that, normally in our exercise program we have to exercise for at least 20-25 minutes to be able to work through the glycogen in the blood, and that's when we begin to burn fat."
There is a solution to this problem though.
There is a product called the Access Bar.
It's made from a special kind of chocolate.
"Okay, so this is the second leg that we did, and this is the one that we cut off, it has the seam binding on it or hem tape, whatever you want to call it."
And this is just a little review of what we did on the other leg basically.
"And I'm just going to grab the pants, the lower layer and the fold, all at once, and I'm actually going to make several tacks just to go through this, because I don't want that to come apart."
"I don't think it's going to, I did like 4, so."
"And I showed you how to do a whip stitch earlier, so let's just review."
"You grab a little piece, go right through the side of the binding, and it's basically just like it says, a whip stitch, it's a blind stitch."
When you flip it over you can't see it on the other side.
There we go.
And we're almost finished with this.
We're going to pin this up right where we want it.
"And on the other leg, let's see on this one."
"Actually I had used the gray thread, and now that I'm pinning this up, looking at it, I think I might just use some black thread that will match my hem tape, and it will make it look really nice and professional, just in case somebody wants to look inside of your pant leg and see how it's done."
"Okay, so let me get my needle out, and enough thread to go around the leg."
"And I like to use a really sharp needle on blue jeans just because, if you use a dull one it's going to be really hard to grab those little pieces."
"Okay, so, I'm going to start right here where these have overlaps, and I'm going to, I'm just going to move that thing out of the way."
This is one of the few things that you kind of need to know about steam binding.
There we go.
"Hello, my name is Scott."
And I'm the owner of Climb On indoor rock climbing in Wilmington North Carolina.
These are the benefits of indoor rock climbing gyms.
Thank you.
Today we're going to discuss the benefits of indoor rock climbing.
Some of the benefits of indoor rock climbing are that you have a controlled environment to learn the skills that it takes to become a good rock climber.
Different skill levels are needed outside when you go climbing.
"In an indoor climbing situation you can use many different types of faces, cracks, hand-holds to begin the learning process of climbing."
"The controlled environment is a very safe place to work your skills, keep them updated or learn new skills."
Again in a safe controlled environment of an indoor rock climbing gym.
"Some of these skills may include knots, how to belay somebody, sport climbing, trad climbing or setting up a top rope in an anchor class."
"With these skills you are going to become a better climber outdoors, safer and more knowledgeable."
"Today, we're going to talk about advanced encaustic painting."
"So, once you get some of these down, you can then switch points again and use the brush."
"Now, I don't use that brush like you use a paintbrush but I kind of just pull it through the wax."
"In a case like this, I could just come up and touch some of those lines like that and draw up some of that wax into--make it look a little bit more treelike here."
"And I think if you start experimenting with these different points for doing details on trees and foliage, you'll find that they work really good in combination."
"So, this was the very first painting that I tried to paint larger than just a card size a couple of years ago."
And I thought I would just point out things like trees.
"They're really not that complicated but again, we're going to use the stylus."
You can use different pen points.
"For instance, you could use the trunk with this pen point to get a trunk going."
You could then switch to a more finer point like this to do some of the limbs of the tree.
Let's just start drawing it this way.
"Now, I could use this thicker point just as well but I thought I would just do a couple of these strokes down here just to show you what you can do after you put this down."
Now we are going to clean the windows.
Now obviously if you are up on the second floor like this you can't do the outside of the windows yourself so I am just going to do the inside because that is all I can do from here.
"So we are just going to use a glass cleaner, anyone that you like and again I go from bottom to top any time I use, any time I am cleaning mirrors or windows so that it doesn't soak into the bottom."
So again you need to make sure that you put a bit of elbow grease into this.
It depends on how often you clean your widows but really give it a good wipe down.
You want to make sure that your windows are sparkling and you get quite a bit splash here from the bath tub if you have got kids in the tub or if you have got windows nearby and also sometimes just the condensation from the shower can also leave little water marks on your windows.
So just give it a good rub up and down and give it maybe two or three squirts and your windows are nice and clean.
Hi!
This one doesn't so just pretend with me.
"When you're going to hit the ball, most times it's going to be right in the center."
You'll know that you've hit it in the center if it comes back to you the same way that you aimed it.
Not bad.
That's hitting it in the center.
Sometimes you've got to use English for different reasons.
English is when you hit the ball anywhere but in the center.
"There's low English, there's high English, there's left English, there's right English, and there's any combination of those."
Let me give you a little example of what each one of them does.
Let me grab one of these.
"Okay, you've got you stick, you know how to hold it, and now you've picked out your bridge."
This is Mr.one ball; he's the yellow one.
"First, I want to show you low English."
Low English is going to draw the ball back.
"So when I hit it I use low English aiming low at center and the ball is going to come back to me, or it's going to stop."
Let me try that again.
That is low English.
"Now, what I did before, on accident, it's kind of called stop, which it doesn't really have quite a name."
It's not quite low and its not quite center.
"When you hit the ball this way, the ball's going to stop."
That's important when you're lining up your next shot and it's somewhere close.
"Finally, let's hit the cue ball."
"Now, the opposite of low English is high English, and it does the exact opposite."
"This time when I hit the ball, I'm going to use high English, which is above center, and the ball is going to follow."
That's when I'm going to chase the ball to another shot.
"Now, similarly there's left and there's right English, and that does the same thing."
"Left English the ball is going to go to the left, and right English the ball is going to the right."
"I'll explain later why these are important, but for right now that's English."
One more thing.
When you're shooting the cue ball always make sure you keep your form all the way through.
It's kind of like golf.
You don't want to shoot and raise up and see what happens.
"By the way, this is the cue ball."
That's not good.
"If it'll help you, think about striking and imaginary ball that's right in front of that ball."
That means that really I'm pretending that I'm shooting right here.
What that does is it forces me to shoot through the ball.
"After I shoot, I'm keeping my head down and keeping my body down that way I'm not affecting by making any sudden movements."
"Again, when you shoot, shoot through the ball."
It's the white one.
"I'll talk about the rest of the balls in a second, but right now this is how you hit it."
"Now, there are many different ways to hit the cue ball."
The most direct is right in the center.
"Now, many balls will have a little dot on them for reference."
What I'm going to talk about now is spotting your print.
"Now spotting your print is when you have a print that you've made and there are pieces of dust or hair, that you do not want people to see in your print."
"You always want to make sure you have something of a decent brush and it really shouldn't, it really a double zero or a triple zero is the absolute best kind of brush to use."
"Now in the best world, you were able to get off the dust and hair with your negative cleaner or with your anti-static cloth, but as we all know things happen, sometimes there is even dust in the enlarger, sometimes there's dust on the paper when you took it out of the box who knows."
"But regardless, there's usually a little bit of spots in everybody's print and there's a couple of different ways that you can make it so they're not so noticeable."
"This way is called spotting and what this is, is it's a name called Spot-tone and I have a brush."
I'm going to talk about now is the brush.
This is a double zero delta.
I'll either use a double zero or a triple zero sable brush.
These brushes can range from seven dollars upwards to thirty or forty dollars.
"In some ways the more expensive brush you have, the easier it is to spot."
I'm going to show you how make a drink called a Detroit Daisy.
We're going to start off with our ice.
Your going to pour this into a rocks glass.
Just like so.
Last but not least.
We are going to pour in just a little splash of grenadine.
That's going to sink to the bottom.
"So, you are going to take your stirry straw and give it a stir."
It's going to be nice and pretty.
You can garnish this with a maraschino cherry.
Just drop that right in there.
There you have it.
Pour this into your glass just about half way.
A Detroit Daisy.
Cheers.
Like so.
Then we are going to add to this one ounce of dark rum.
There we go.
Next were going to do a few really good squeezes of lime juice.
"One,two, three,one more, four."
"It's going to be a very lime-y sort of drink, I guess."
Go ahead and shake that up.
"In addition to bringing sunscreen to protect yourself from the sun, you also need to bring bug spray."
"There's certain times of the year when there won't be bugs and there's certain times of the year when there will be but it's really important to always pack it, just in case."
"Especially, if you're going to be camping near a body of water, there's almost always going to be mosquitos because the larvae hatch in the water."
"You also need to bring bug spray that protects against, not just mosquitos, but all bugs because there's dangerous bugs like ticks."
Ticks can carry lime disease and so you need to get one of the bug sprays that protects against lots of different kinds of bugs.
"Also, some of the National Parks do not approve of bringing aerosol cans, so make sure that is in one of the pump spray bottles and make sure that it protects against the other bugs, including ticks and make sure to bring your bug spray."
"Next I am going to show you what is known as the backside fakie 180 also known as a half cab and contrary to the original backside 180 that I showed you that even I have a lot of difficulty with on the ground, this is much easier to perform."
What you are going to need to do for this trick is to be comfortable riding in the fakie position that I showed you earlier which is with your feet in the normal position that they would regularly be but you are riding backwards and with the fakie half cab the difference between this backside 180 and a regular one is on a fakie half cab you can see where you are spinning.
"So same sort of things to keep in mind with the normal backside 180 is before you spin turn your upper body in the direction that you don't want to spin so you can get some momentum, start to ollie and as your foot flies up spin the rest of your body in the direction that you want to turn and you will be able to get the full 180 degrees."
"And when you put it all together it looks a little something like this, but don't get frustrated when you are trying to do this trick because even I have trouble with the regular ones, it just takes a little time and practice."
"Hi, I'm JK Dooley, I'm a professional artist, and today we're talking a little bit about giclee reproduction."
"And now we're talking about canvas, and choosing canvas to have your prints done on."
"So, there's a lot of options here, you can go a lot of different sizes, which means you can meet a lot of your customer's needs."
"You can take custom orders, you can print an image perhaps that you've painted small, you can print it really big, and that's always kind of fun to do as well."
"So, that's one of the really nice things about this process, is you can be very versatile when it comes to choosing sizes."
The nice thing about actually canvas and paper is there are really a lot of sizes that you can choose from.
"As you can see, we've got three different sizes here, kind of small, medium, and large."
"But, you're basically only limited by the size of your printer."
"So there are printers, mine takes up to 42 inches wide."
"So that means your piece can be pretty wide, by as long as the roll of canvas is."
There are printers that are up to 60 inches wide.
"So, if you wanting to reproduce a large piece, this is a great way to do it."
"And, probably apiece that large, you're definitely going to want to do on canvas, because it is more durable, and it will hold up better."
Food is a backpacker favorite topic.
If you out there walking and burning a lot of calories.
So there is a whole bunch of different flavors and entries and deserts.
You got ice cream sandwiches.
Not a cool thing but it tastes good.
Some packaging you will notice are vacuum packed.
The purpose is behind that is if you?re going to some place of high altitude these will balloon out as you go up in altitude.
The air pressure inside the pack is grater than the air pressure out.
So that?s why they make ones that are vacuum packed.
Eggs you want to have ones that when you rehydrate I refer the ones that you can actually kind of scramble in a pan I think they taste better that the ones that you just rehydrate and eat the bag.
But you don't always have to go this rout there is also things at your local grocery store a Lipton's noodles and sauce Ramen noodles.
Freeze dried vegetables you could throw in there.
One thing that?s going to be on your mind is food.
Tuna packets.
There is a lot of different ways to do it.
Not just one way.
You have just got to find the right way for you.
If you have any questions give your local outfitter a holler.
So you need to think about it and how light it?s going to be in your pack.
The days of packing out big huge tin cans of food are long gone.
If you thinking about bringing a can of Spam you need to think twice.
At an outfitter we carry freeze dried foods basically its a backpackers convenience T.V.
dinner.
"What you do is you heat water and you pour it in and it hydrates, rehydrates in the pouch."
You can actually eat it out of the pouch.
"Today we're at Chapel Ledges in Ashfield, Massachusetts, Trustees of the Reservation Property and in this series I'm going to be talking about rock climbing gear."
"Probably something like this, is going to be the easiest to use right off the bat and the thing you're going to choose first."
I'm going to talk about belay devices.
A belay device is a piece of equipment that's going to let you hang on to your end of the rope and keep your climbing buddy safe up on the cliff.
"A wide variation of them out there these days, from the more old fashioned variety of the figure 8."
"Loads up looking like this, clip the carabiner onto that, this device gives you a lot of flexibility in moving the rope, but not a whole lot of friction or assurance in catching a fall."
"More common these days is a device that looks like this, generally speaking called an ATC type device."
"There are a million brands out there, I believe this one is called the sheriff, but the function of it all the same, by the rope, in here, clip to the carabiner and this is going to cause enough friction to stop a fall."
"It's a reliable, simple, easy to use device, good friction for catching falls."
What do you want to choose as a beginner?
We are preparing to fill in our trench that we cut into the concrete to install our drains and I have mixed up a bag of premixed concrete or cement and brought it in a bucket and now were going to fill in the hole.
When were getting ready to fill in this concrete into out trench the trench is only about three inches deep so we don't need a whole lot of concrete but I want to get it in there and make sure that I have got it filled in and now it doesn't have to completely plumb with or level with the floor because when we go to set our tile our mastic our glue that we use to set the tile will fill in any differences that we might have in the level of the floor.
You might notice that I have got this cardboard in here and the reason for that is that we don't want any concrete around our pee trap if we ever have to remove the pee trap.
We pull up the shower pan and the pee trap is assessable we wouldn't have to break out the concrete again.
We have mixed up a eighty pound bag of premix concrete out in the wheel barrel and mixed it the wheel barrel with a hoe and then because I didn't want to bring the wheel barrel in the house because it leaks I put the concrete in a five gallon bucket and brought it in and you can see I have filled in this much of the trench so far.
I was careful to get my concrete under my floor flange so that it holds the drain in place nice and solid and you notice that over here I have got card board damns set up.
I don't want any cement over the top of my pee trap if in the future we ever need to get back into this and remove the pee trap for whatever reason we want to have access to it so that?s why I have set up these damns.
The concrete will pour up against the damn on this side and I have got a little bit over there to fill in and then the floor will be ready for tile.
The other thing I have is it is not exactly level with the existing floor and I am not going to worry about that because when we go to set out tile our mastic will make up the difference in the floor level.
"In these clips, we're going to talk about some of the tips and tricks in order to properly winterize your vehicle."
And how high the balls are floating will indicate the level of freeze protection you have.
"Right now, the gauge is indicating, with none of the balls floating, that my antifreeze, or for demonstration purposes, I was using water, is going to freeze at 32 degrees Fahrenheit or 0 degree Celsius."
What will happen if your antifreeze freezes up inside your engine?
There are freeze plugs inside of it that will actually pop out and explode causing massive coolant leaks and things of that nature.
You can also crack your engine block due to the fact that coolant expands when it's frozen.
What I'm going to do now is test the antifreeze in the vehicle itself.
"I will take the cap off. As you can see, it says ""radiator coolant only"". Coolant and antifreeze are the same thing."
I want to take a snorkel out of what I got on my overflow jug and test what's actually running in my system.
"In this clip, we're going to talk about the amount of freeze protection your antifreeze happens to be carrying."
"As you can see, all of the balls are floating."
And the very highest measurement I have for freeze protection is in the range of -40 degrees which means the vehicle can be driven almost anywhere on the planet.
You're going to want to make sure to test your antifreeze every winter.
"This simple step and for the cost of the tool can save you, possibly, a horrible engine repair."
This is the proper way to test your antifreeze.
What I have here in this blue glass is water as you can see.
I have in my overflow jug coolant.
What I'm going to use is something called a hydrometer.
On the hydrometer is a scale which will measure at what temperature my antifreeze is going to freeze at.
"Just for demonstration purposes, I'm going to suck up some water in here."
The number of balls floating is going to correspond with a gauge here on the tool itself written in black.
We're going to start at the top with -40 degrees.
The perfect push up can take place anywhere.
We're going to do it out here on the ground.
"Don't touch the ground. Your head is looking down. Exhale and extend. Pressing through your palms back up. That's one rep. Inhale, down, exhale, up."
"Inhale, down, exhale, up."
"You're going to feel this in your triceps, the back of your arms."
Everything nice and tight and in through your chest.
"Now with the outdoors, you might feel that you need to get hyped up and do a little bit more."
"So, I'm going to take you to your toes."
Starting with your knees.
This is intermediate.
"Still come down, exhale up."
It?s going to be a little tougher but you can do it.
Inhale down and exhale up.
"Now if you feel like you still want more of a challenge, bring your hands in, on your toes, and go out to the side, together."
And then to the other side and together.
Alright.
You can work to this.
"So let's do three more, two and one."
That's your push up.
This is a beginner level.
"But, hold tight, I'll show you some other variations."
"First, make sure your arms are about shoulder width apart."
Your hips are down.
Not too low and not too high.
Just in the middle.
You're going to bend at your elbows.
"If you're an amateur hairstylist and you're looking to find a way how to clean off that nasty product off your curling iron, well I'm a professional so let's take it from me."
"I'm Laura Gibson, beauty expert and I'm here to give you a few tips on how to clean your curling iron."
"So, there you have it, just a few tips on how to stay clean."
"There is always the easiest way which is after each use, you want to wait for it to cool down, because it's hot and you don't want to burn yourself."
"As a stylist I can't tell you how many times I've actually burned myself, because I don't thing before I do."
"So you just want to take it, wipe it down regularly."
But then there's some of us who get a little bit lazy and don't always wipe it down.
"So we're going to go to our second part of how we would clean it which would be bringing in our back up, the oven cleaner."
All you would simply do is apply the oven cleaner with the clamp open.
"Actually you're going to want to, you can hold it or you can wedge something, maybe a pencil perhaps in between the clamp and the rod."
"Then all you want to do is apply the oven cleaner all over, take a paper towel, wipe it off and then take a damp rag or ordinary towel and get off any of the excess that you missed with your paper towel."
Our tools are pretty few.
"We--to be a sportswriter you're going to need a tape recorder, a notebook, a good supply of pens, a good supply of batteries to keep your tape recorder running, and then a laptop."
Probably fax machines.
"I can even remember telecopiers, and these were ways that--this is before e-mail even came along, I had been doing some of this work."
And there was no opportunity to send in a story or send information back and forth through e-mail.
"So, it was through fax machines or telecopiers, and we've gotten completely rid of those kinds of things in terms of sharing information back and forth, or me getting an article into my newspaper."
It's all done through e-mail now.
"So, it's just much more streamlined now."
"It's faster, and we have definitely ridden the wave of technology in this business like everybody else has."
That's really it.
Most of us don't keep regular office hours.
"In my case I work more from home, and I work more from the college here that I cover, than I do actually at the office."
"So I don't carry a lot of stuff other than a satchel over my shoulder with a laptop and pens and notebooks and tape recorders, and that's basically the tools of the trade."
"You're gathering information and you're sending it into your newspaper through your laptop, which you're probably going to need wireless capability on your laptop would be a big help."
"Many of the press boxes that we work in have wireless signals, and that helps you transmit your story back to your newspaper."
"But, we don't have a lot."
"It could be kept in one backpack or one satchel, and that's about it."
"OK folks, in this clip I'm going to teach you how to draw a cartoon fly."
I'm going to come right down here in this corner and do it right here.
So that just creates the illusion of multiple eyes.
And we'll come out and start drawing the rest of his hulking body.
"We'll make him sort of like, with his limbs kind of coming off like this."
And their little front ways position.
"Draw his lower body, kind of like that."
"Hairy, disgusting, warty creature."
No one likes flies.
They are definitely not the most popular insect.
"Draw his little legs, like that."
Come down here.
"So, we will start by drawing the rough shape of his head."
Just kind of make them jagged and ragged.
"And then the way we'll draw his wings, seems to me flies sort of have distinct wing shapes, so what we'll do is we'll draw, we'll try to draw his wings as fly shaped as possible."
To really show that this is in fact a fly.
And they're sort of veiny and oddly connected.
"So just kind of just get in there and draw some weird sort of connecting, veiny type lines to show that this is an ugly fly."
Reinforce your lines.
And that ought to do it.
And flies have those huge hideous eyes.
So I'm going to like leave room around the top for that.
"And also in my mind, flies are not the nicest of creatures."
So we're going to make this guy kind of look a little monstrous.
First we'll add some detail to the eyes here.
"We'll come in and we'll draw lines going across, just like this in both directions."
"Because flies obviously have several, like I think it's like a hundred eyes or something like that on top of their heads."
This type is a Pierrot capelet.
"And as I discussed earlier, the Pierrot part of it comes from this pointy clown like clown suit aspect of the garment."
The capelet part of it is because it's going to be set on top and go down the shoulders like a capelet.
Right here we have where it attaches.
"What this is doing in the drawing is going to be a separate flouncy piece as the capelet, sewn to the garment here and then also done with a zipper."
That just creates something that has more design lines on it than anything else.
But the capelet part is not unattached anymore.
"So technically this is what it's called but it's one whole piece of whatever it is, shirt that you're doing."
It just has several different variations.
Different ways of opening it per say.
"Let's talk about a safety technique for ice fishing, and that involves what are called ice creepers."
"When I got to the lake this morning I immediately looked around and said, ""This looks like a skating rink."
"Then when you walk, this will give you the stability that you need."
"You don't slip, it grips very, very well, and it will keep you from getting injured or from damaging your equipment."
This ice is slick.
"If I walk around with just my regular boots carrying all my gear, be it the auger or my tackle, there's a good chance that I'm going to slip, I'm going to hurt myself, maybe break some equipment."""
So I always carry ice creepers with me.
There's a couple different styles.
"This one is simply a more of an elastic strap that fits around your boot, and it hooks back to here."
"Again, these sit on the bottom of your boot so that they come in contact with the ice and give you some stability."
"There's another type which simply has a clip and a strap, and all you do is carefully put that over."
"Make sure that the bottom of it is facing downward and then you just cinch it up as tight as you can, again making certain, as you can see, that it's on the bottom of your boot."
"Today, we will be taking about beginning sabre fencing."
My back leg is straight.
My back is straight.
"My arms and shoulder are relaxed, not locked."
"Once again, slow beginning, easy and relaxed."
Eyes forward.
Very relaxed muscles.
Don't be tense.
Don't be off balanced.
Be comfortable.
"Later, I'll be talking a lot more about lunges but here I'll just give you a brief introduction."
"While we know about moving like so, forward and backward, it's very important also to be able to make a lunge."
Why is a lunge important?
"We're not going to want to get so close that we hit just with an advanced, we want to be able to start our attack from further away."
You remember I talked about who starts the attack first gets the point.
"So, acceleration lines, I turn my arms slowly."
"I begin extending them at 75% extension, the rest of my movement begins, and I've finished my extension."
My knee's above the heel.
What's up?
"Cleanliness is next to God in the prison system because you don't have a lot space and because there is a lot of confinement you can find yourself subject to different infections and diseases, illnesses that you may not necessarily come across so readily if you were out walking around in the streets everyday."
But they do provide you with a lot of cleaning supplies.
"You can keep your environment very clean, it helps you, it helps your roommate, it helps the people around you and keeps the peace to a very great level."
"It's a small space that you're living in, you've got to figure out different ways to do it, different ways to manipulate it so that you're not in violation of the rules of the institution or in violation of other people's space and it's not an easy thing to do."
"In this clip I will be discussing the importance of understanding how to live in a dorm, a pod or a room setting in the prison system."
"A lot of people have a misconcept about it, they think that people are sitting on cots behind bars and quiet usually that's not the case."
The county jail basically houses people in the forms of pods where they have several different rooms inside of the pods and you're living in a space that's extremely small without any storage.
"Once you get to the state institution level or the prerelease central level, you may find yourself in a dorm style setting with a rows upon rows with steal bunk beds and the only space that is actually yours is that that exist between the two of your bed and the bed next to you and a lock box that slides underneath the bottom bunk."
That lock box is usually about 2 1/2 x 1 1/2 feet and it's about a foot deep.
So you've got to figure out a way to confine your living and all of the things that you own or possess in a very small environment.
"Once you get to the prerealese level, you may be fortunate enough to stay in a room with maybe only 4 or 3 other people, a 4 man room total."
Under those circumstances you begin to realize that there are certain things you have to do in order to be comfortable and healthy as well.
In this clip we are going to talk to you about the common mistakes that players will make.
We are talking about all levels.
So we will see what he does right here.
"His first move, he is stepping out and then he runs."
"He turns his upper body right away, he runs over."
"Step out, and then the run."
"See that, a lot quicker."
"He is going to be able to get there a lot earlier, and when you are there early, you have options."
"That is very, very important right there."
"Club players sometimes, even tournament players in their first move to the ball."
"A lot of players will just shuffle to the ball, making them a lot slower and they do not get their rotation, and by the time they get to the ball they are playing catch-up."
So watch this.
This is the common mistake.
"See how he is shuffling to the ball, he cannot get in position, does not get his feet organized to the ball, and he is doing the crab walk."
It does not even look good.
"So now we will show you what you want to do, as opposed to that."
"The movement is that the first move has to be a step out, your right foot is going to come out of the forehand side, you are getting your rotation, and then you can officially run to the ball and not shuffle to the ball."
"Alright, we've introduce forward rolling."
So let's continue along that vein.
"So you have to maintain and you have to be completely and totally aware that when you are forward rolling, hands are down, stand up, make sure that there's inner-abdominal strength and stability in this area."
Okay.
"So always roll, it's always a ball, it's always form and fashion of a ball."
The function of a ball.
"So, now I mean it's not complex, but it doesn't feel very good when you mess it up."
"So, one more time."
"Forward roll, you should come up to the exact same position you started at, for right now."
"The principle of rolling is that of a ball, meaning you roll a ball."
A ball rolls rather redundant.
"Needless to say, on this the things you have to be very aware of is you have to be aware of where your hips are."
"A very common issue, a very common problem that people encounter is that when they're rolling they have a tendency to lose that structure."
And to lose the inner-abdominal strength.
"And so it causes the hip to flop, and you get a hip that lands hard or the feet fly out."
"Things happen, people get hurt, you twist the back or something."
Those are the most common injuries to occur.
"Now, let me show you how to add a little color to the windmill."
"We're going to decorate the roof, we'll make a few decorations, but first we'll decorate the roof and we're going to use our match sticks again, the way we do is this is, we coat the top of the milk carton that angles down with glue, and we can either brush it on with a paint brush or we can have the kids, who are doing the project, if they want to just smear with their finger and while it's still wet."
"We lay across the match sticks, we use a solid color, be kind of like a red tile roof, so we choose for this project all the red match sticks and we'll lay them across the top of the milk carton."
"Using the solid color is recommended because we have a lot of colors on the arms of the windmill, so we don't want to make it too busy."
"And the red, itself, also, gives a nice realistic touch to it that it looks, actually, like a roof."
"So, the match sticks, actually, fit nicely across the top of the windmill, they don't have to fit exactly the same measurement as the top of the carton, but if you lay them across, if you double them up, even though they hang over a little bit, they still fit nicely onto the side of the milk carton, and we only have to do one side, the side, obviously, in the front, that's going to be seen, and we go all the way down to the bottom of where it angles, and starts going vertical again."
"This is really just for decoration and it's not a necessary part of the project, obviously, if you want to paint directly onto the milk carton, different designs or different types of pictures, you could also do that."
"So, here is our red tile roof for our windmill."
"So, still working with the hand and working each finger individually is going to help benefit not only the hand itself and the bones and joints and muscles of the hand, but also again tapping into the connection with the thumb; the next finger to the collarbone; the pinkie to the heart; and the other three fingers that dive right directly into the shoulder socket."
It feels really good.
"So, you can move each finger independently of the others in a stretching fashion."
And I'm supporting from the underside with my thumb.
I'm making this look easy.
I have quite a bit of range in my hands because this is something that I do weekly if not almost daily.
"Important is the thumb, right, because he's always in this position."
So this thenar muscle really needs to get a stretch.
"And you can see, when you come out of these stretches, how red the hand gets because we're generating some good circulation."
"So, it gets flushed with blood."
Have you ever wondered on how often you should wear your night guard?
Well my name is Michelle and I'm a dental assistant with Solutionz and I'm here to explain to you on how often you should wear it.
"Basically if you have been prescribed by your general dentist to wear a night guard because you tend to maybe grind your teeth at night, or to wear a night guard during the day while you're driving 'cause you get tense and you grind your teeth."
But that's something - wearing a night guard is something you definitely want to wear on a consistent basis every night.
"It's pretty easy after you brush and floss your teeth before you go to bed, you just pop in your night guard, wear it for those eight hours or six hours of sleep that you're getting."
"And then take it out in the morning, rinse it off, even maybe you know rinse it off with your toothbrush and toothpaste, to kind of keep it clean of that excess film that you might have left on it."
But if you've been prescribed by your general dentist to wear a night guard you definitely want to wear it every night on a regular basis because by doing so you're going to be training your actual jaw joints to kind of not become so tense.
"You have to basically you're retraining those TMJ joints to kind of stay propped open and you're providing cushion for them, so the more that you can wear it the better it will be for you in the long run, but yes, every night definitely wear your night guard if you've been prescribed to wear it during driving, every time you get in the car, pop it in."
It's only going to be a benefit for you in the future.
"Once again my name is Michelle and I'm a dental assistant with Solutionz, and I just explained to you on how often to wear your night guard."
"Alright, so we've gone over two kinds of naps so far out of the basic upper body hitting type of naps and the third one we're going to go over is the team nap."
You can use this with punches but usually you use this with just slaps.
"So what's going to happen instead of just Shaun or just me making the sound when the action happens, we're both going to do it together as part of the action."
"So we're going to start off like we always do with making sure we have our distance, eye contact to let each other know that we're going to start the movement, then I'm going to wind up like this."
Notice where Shaun has his hand.
"Shaun has his hand in place for me to hit it when I do, but he put it on his chest, he didn't put it near his face, he didn't put it out some crazy place, but he put it right there where it could be hidden from the audience and it will still be affective to make the sound."
"So, like I said I'm going to wind up real big, start off real slow, slap and then Shaun's going to react accordingly."
"So let's try that one more time, speed it up a little bit."
"So, put your hand down, remember you don't start with it, so hands on the shoulder establish distance, eye contact, wind up and remember always follow through and until you're ready go only about 75%."
Alright.
"As you can see, we've gotten all the handrails completely stained, the spindles, everything down to the deck."
"We have the house taped and papered off, over here down by the bottom."
And we're ready to stain the actual decking itself.
"We're going to go ahead, we're going to cut in all the way along the side of the house one boards-length with a brush."
We're going to do the same on the opposite side of the deck by the spindles and handrails.
"And then up here, on this end of the deck, you can see we've got some stain on the actual decking from the spindles."
"And what we can do, we'll brush that in. But we'll do that as we go. And as we work our way across the deck, we'll brush that in there and blend that stain out so we've got an even color when we come in with our mop head."
"And today, I'll be talking to you about developing your plot."
A play moves in a forward progression towards its ending.
Options become lower.
People try different tactics to get what they want and strong objectives.
People are willing to die for whatever they want.
"Its high stakes, the highest stakes you can possibly make or what would make a good drama."
"And so, this is the chart that makes our course."
"Also starting with the ending, moving backwards as a way to try to understand how to incorporate elements of foreshadowing, of setting things up and paying them off, of creating hooks and creating dramatic situations and this is the fundamental of plot."
"So, during this series, we've gone over the plot."
"You start at the beginning, we've established the status quo, just where everything starts in the beginning of the play."
"Also, noting that the status quo is not the beginning of time, things will have happened before the status quo."
"We've gone over the inciting incident, the thing that jumps starts the action of the play."
"We've gone over the hook, the act one hook."
We've gone over the payoff in act two and how things are foreshadowed in act one.
"And we've gone over the climax, the highest point of action in the play and the resolution leading to the end."
These are the elements of a plot of the play.
In this clip I'm going to talk to you about some other accessories that make turning a bowl on a lathe a much more pleasurable experience.
The first thing you might need is a compass.
It's nice to be able to use around areas or curves where a tape measure wouldn't fit.
These are calipers.
The calipers are used to measure the wall thickness of your bowl.
"When you turn a bowl, you want to make sure that your wall thickness is uniform all the way through because if, as you're roughing out a bowl and its green wood, if your wall thickness isn't uniform you're going to have cracking and the bowl blank will be useless."
This compass can draw a circle on a half a log up to three inches in diameter.
So it's not the same kind of compass that you might have used in grade school.
"You do have to get this from a wood turning, or wood working specialty store."
"It has a carbide chip scribe, which is used to scribe your circle, but I could replace this with a pencil or a pen if I wanted to."
Tape measure.
Always very easy and very handy to have around.
Other measuring devices.
This is a flexible curve ruler.
"Hello, my name is Jill Weiss, and I'm going to tell you a little bit about how to play shortstop."
"First thing you want to remember, is that the shortstop is one of those positions, where you've got to be a lot of places."
"The shortstop is one of those positions, where they are probably one of the strongest arms on the field."
"They have to cross, throwing from shortstop, all the way to first base. They have to be agile. They have to be quick."
"They've got to be moving on their feet, constantly moving, and constantly thinking two plays ahead."
"Always, ok there's a runner on second, what am I going to do, if this ball is hit to me?"
situations like that.
"When you are fielding the ball, you always want to get in front of it."
Look at it all the way in.
"Use two hands, if you have to, things like that."
"You've got to be thinking all the time, and you could be covering second base."
"Just remember, as a shortstop, that you've always got to be thinking."
"My name is Jill Weiss, and those are just a few tips on how to be a shortstop."
You could be covering first base.
"You could be catching a fly ball, into the outfield."
"You could be charging a slap, a bunt, but you've always got to be communicating."
That's the most important thing.
"Communicating with your second basemen, on who's covering."
"Communicating with your third basemen, in case there's a steal."
"Communicating with your catcher, communicating with your pitcher, things like that."
"Now this wall here, which is actually a wall that covers up the entrance to the restrooms; this is the wall that we're going to be showing the painting from beginning to end for this particular filming."
"So here, again, we're going to have a hilltop."
And I'll probably extend that all the way through the rest of the mural with an idea of trees.
"So what you have is this very strong foreground with the tigers and the flowers and the tree, and again, all the flowers with the tiger."
"I'm thinking I might put a baby tiger in here as well, so that it looks like mother and baby together and then the tree again."
And then everything else fades off into the distance.
"So then we have the powerful images in the foreground: the two tigers, the baby tiger, all the hilltops covered wild, beautiful flowers, the two mango trees."
"It's very strong in detail in the foreground, including the tiger here that we're going to use for this particular project."
"And then everything else slowly fades out into the snowcapped mountains in the background and the blue, cloudy sky to give a feeling of depth."
Like whoever is eating in the restaurant will feel like they're looking out into the distance and into the mountains.
"So this is, as I said, a very rough sketch."
"The next thing that I will do is come up with a few more ideas, and then I will do another rough sketch which I will present to the owner for him to have a visual idea of what the whole thing is going to look like."
"We're going to have another tiger sitting on this hilltop against rocks, and the water opening up into lakes behind him."
And then I will wait for his reaction to that.
"So understand, at this point this is a very, very, very rough sketch."
I'm not looking for accuracy; I'm just looking for ideas.
So I've also now decided how to get rid of this corner in the wall.
I'm going to paint a tree coming up so it takes up the whole of that corner.
"And then this tree will carry a fruit, probably mangoes."
"I like the idea of mangoes, because mangoes are a fruit that honor the god Ganesha, the Indian elephant god."
"And then I think I'm also going to take another tree up this corner, again with mango fruit hanging down from it."
"So now we're going to talk about the zones, and there are three zones in handwriting."
The upper zone that represents these upper strokes.
"The lower zone that represents the lower strokes, alright?"
So what do they all mean the three zones?
"Well, the middle zone, we're talking about the day to day aspects of life."
"Everyday aspects of life, its social interactions."
Someone who has a middle zone that's very pronounced is someone who just gets on great with people and they're very kind of focused on the day to day activities and social interactions.
"And the people who have a pronounced upper zone, that, the upper zone influences our mental thought and also our spirituality."
"So there are people who are interested in thoughts, in spirituality, in mental processes, intellect, things like that."
"The lower zone, that is all talking about material things."
"The people who are interested in making money, eating, satisfying their material wants and needs and desires, things like that."
"You've got the middle zone, the upper zone, and the lower zone."
"OK, so when you're looking at a person's handwriting, you're just having a look to see which of these zones is most pronounced, or you might find that somebody has very even distribution of zones."
Or you might find that their upper or lower zone is very pronounced.
"For example, you can have someone whose upper zone is so pronounced that you've maybe got a very high loop there, and that would be someone who's very spiritual, kind of head in the clouds."
"Or similarly, if you have someone with a very pronounced lower loop is someone who's very interested in their physical drives."
"OK, so for our next clip we're going to talk about the form of the writing."
And as you can see from Lou's it looks like his upper zone is fairly pronounced here.
I would say that the upper zone is the most pronounced.
And let me show you that in a little bit more detail.
"So what happens is, of the three zones, you've got your middle here, you've got your upper and you've got your lower."
"So if you were to write a word such as happy, that can show you all three of your zones. H-A-P-P-Y."
"So as you can see the middle zone that represents the middle of the letter, right?"
"We're going to measure from the table in my case, I'm measuring the about the center of this slot right here which is in this case going to be 1 and 1/2 inch, an inch and 1/2, an inch and 1/2."
"Yours might be different, yours might have holes in it in which case you want to measure up to the very center of your hole, transfer that measurement as I have already done on this piece of wood and that's an inch and a half and I've made an inch and a half line here and I want to give you a little tip about this, about making that line."
Usually a pencil will have a conical tip on it but what we want to do with our pencil is take a little piece of sandpaper and put the pencil flat on the sandpaper and rub it back and forth like that so we make a chisel point.
That's because a round point pencil will never quite fit right in here where you need to make your line.
If it has conical point that point of the led is always just a little bit away so when we make this line with our chisel point pencil the pencil fits right there and makes a nice smooth line.
We now have this line cut and so we know where the slot is going to go.
We are going to add a drip irrigation on this raised bed and the main reasons that most people put drip irrigation in is because they can put it on a timer and they don't have to worry about it.
Drip irrigation is important for a number of things and one of the main reasons is that it supplies an adequate moisture situation to a plant during the growing time without interruption.
You can't rely on the rain and also I think I mentioned before that a raised bed is cut off from the soil in such a way that it doesn't allow moisture to rise from below which happens a lot of times in a natural garden situation.
"Even though it is dry on the surface, during the evening and at night, moisture will rise from below and your plants can get a little bit of that moisture."
"Where in these beds if they don't come from the top or from artificial means, it ain't going to happen."
So drip irrigation is a serious consideration when it comes to raised beds or any kind of container garden because other wise you are going to be out there every day watering and a lot of people will miss it.
Drip irrigation comes several ways.
We are going to be showing buttonless installation which is a very targeted way of watering.
It allows you to put water exactly where you want it and then we are going to be demonstrating one that is more or a shotgun approach which broadcasts the water to a larger area.
"Now of course the slab roller is the easier way to go, but not everybody owns that piece of equipment, so I'm going to show you how to make a nice slab of clay with just a rolling pin and your table."
"Now my table here is covered in canvas, that way when I'm throwing the clay, it's not sticking, it gives it a nice surface to absorb a little bit of the water as well, if you're letting your clay set up."
"Helps to, to clean off your knife first."
And you're just compressing the clay and smoothing the surface.
"You did get some compression with that rolling pin, but this gives you just a little bit more."
"And if you have a few ridges, that's okay because we're probably going to end up wiping those out in the next steps of the process."
So now we have a nice slab of clay.
"So in order to make a nice big slab with the rolling pin, I'm going to stretch this out a little bit more."
I probably want to get it to be in the end a little bit more than a quarter of inch thick.
"That's a good thickness to be sturdy enough to use and thick, you know thick enough to hold up."
So I've got it a little bit thicker than that right now.
I'm going to take my really big rolling pin here and I'm just going to kind of stretch that out a little bit more and make it nice and smooth.
Having a really wide rolling pin helps because then you're more likely to have the same thickness all the way across.
If you have a really thin rolling pin you're going to have to do it in a couple of different places and you might end up with ridges in the middle.
So once you've got it rolled out to about the thickness that you want you want to take some kind of drywall knife and smooth the surface.
We're going to show you some of the different techniques for applying vehicle graphics and decals.
"At this time, I'm going to show you how to do the center hinge wet application method."
"You want to pick the tape up, pull away the masking from the vinyl."
"At which point, you'll come in and tear the protective backing off."
"Take your application fluid, get it nice and wet."
Lay the vinyl back over and take your squeegee.
Firmly press the vinyl down to secure the area.
"In doing this, this will take all the excess water out from underneath the masking tape."
"Once you get this side down, you want to take the tape off the other side. Take the second piece of tape off that you used for your hinge."
"Now that you have this side, this acts as your hinge."
"You want to peel this tape off, apply your application fluid, and again always squeegee from the hinge or the tape line out."
"First, before you actually apply it, you want to find the center mark of the roof of the are that you're going to mark."
"Once you have it squeegeed, you can simply take your masking slowly peeling it way, keeping it as close to the masking as possible."
"As you see here, I peeled the letter up because of the moisture underneath it."
Simply take your squeegee with the felt side and squeegee it back down.
"Make sure you apply firm pressure across all of it, removing any water bubbles."
Now you have applied using the center hinge wet method application.
"Lay your vinyl on here, measure it up."
"I measured from the top of the back of the window to a center mark, so it's centered where I want it."
Then you want to take your tape and make a mark.
This mark being the center hinge area.
"You simply want to peel it off, thus making the hinge method."
"With the hinge method, it's best to start from the side of the center line that you don't have any vinyl there on the tape."
"Therefore, I'll start on this side with the 28."
"Letters, words and spacing."
The next concept is turning the page.
The word open the cover.
Two important concepts that we're going to look at in the next lesson.
"In our last lesson we looked at the importance of saying something as simple as I, let's take a leap, Spy, to point out that they're two separate words."
"Another part of letters, words and spacing, because on every book, the illustrator may be somewhere different, the title may be somewhere different, and in some cases they may not even list an illustrator."
"The most important part of this is to say let's start from the top. Ready To Read, Three Little Pigs, and there's a beautiful picture here."
"Let's turn it over and see if we see anything on the back cover but in this particular book, Green Eggs and Ham is the title with the picture."
"That's the author, by Dr. Seuss."
We're continually pointing out that words have spaces that are made up of letters.
We start from the top and work our way to the bottom.
"Hi everyone, I'm Russ Handler, travel agent, and did you know if you're taking a trip via rail from New York to Niagara Falls it's just over seven hours?"
About seven hours and twenty minutes in some cases.
"There is snacks on board the train, and there's a lot of other information that you could learn in regard to this seven and a half hour trip."
"It's going to be a lot of fun, you get to buy your tickets online, pick them up at your departure site, and it's just that simple."
I'm Russ Handler and that's how you do it.
"So, it's a great, quick, and wonderful way to see our beautiful country."
Here's how you book that travel.
Go to 1-800-USA-RAIL or do what I do.
I like to come here and go to their excellent website.
This is Amtrak's website.
"It not only shows me my New York to Niagara Falls map, and where I'm going to be stopping in between, but it'll also allow me to put in my selection of date and time and all the information in my itinerary, and quickly come up with the pricing."
Now it's also showing me here in this case that there are multiple departures.
There are coach and business classes.
Today I'm given you some gift ideas for Christmas gifts for your uncle.
"It's actually a very personalized, very tailor gift."
This one is micro suede.
It was very economical.
I'm sure they come in a variety of price ranges.
The only thing you're going to need to remember to do is get his shoe size.
You can either ask your parents or your aunt if your uncle is married or you can just go ahead and buy what size you think he might wear.
Be sure to keep the receipt so he can exchange it but honestly I really don't think you can go wrong with something like this.
"Now even if your uncle is so hard to shop for because he has everything or you just really don't know his taste, I really don't think that you can go wrong by getting him a pair of slippers."
"Most people like to wear slippers and with it being Christmas, it's obviously going to be cooler weather so it's actually a nice gift to keep there feet nice and warm."
I give them every year.
I give this new pair of slippers to every member of my family.
"It's my thing, it's what I like to do."
But this year when I was out shopping I actually found something that I haven't seen before and that's memory foam slippers.
So every time that you put your foot in it works very much like the memory foam pillows and mattresses.
It will actually remember your uncles in step and the shape of his foot and how we walks.
"We talk about line having character and different qualities of line, and sort of the two, the basic division is really between diagrammatic line, and calligraphic or gestural line."
"And diagrammatic line is line used to create a configuration, it's the kind of line you use to make a blueprint, it's an informative, an informational line."
"You can get this with a brush or a pencil, you can get this with any medium."
"But this is the character, and it's a much freer, more expressive kind of a line."
But you can see here that M.C.
"Escher used it, this whole drawing is created with line."
"He uses the line, he uses the straight edge pretty much, to create these lines."
"The whole drawing is created with these lines, and he's managed to give a feeling because he's using all these very straight lines with rulers, he's giving you the sense of a universe that is very controlled and very predictable, at the same time that he's challenging you by making these people go in, staircases that are going down into nowhere and up into nowhere and the whole space is basically undogmatic."
The other thing that diagrammatic lines can do is they can create different shadows.
And you can see here he created a dark versus a light and that has to do with how close the lines are together and how thick they are.
"He uses very thin lines where it's very light, he uses very thick lines where it's dark."
"That's compared to, this would be using a calligraphic or gestural line, and you can see, it's much more free-flowing."
"CINDY MASTRY: In this clip, Faith is going to help me demonstrate how you can take the standing split bow variation of the standing split to an even more advance pose."
"So using the blocks, that's going to help her be able to balance more easily and elevate the floor a little bit higher so it can take out any problems she might have with tight hamstrings or a tight low spine."
It doesn't have to come up very far.
It does not matter.
Good.
It's not about--it's not a competition.
"She's going to bend her knee and bring her heel back in close to her body, giving her a really great, nice quad stretch."
Good.
"She's going to engage her core and ground right through her foot, engage her glute and reach back and grab onto her foot."
Yes.
"So she needs to focus and breathe, maybe even come through a little arch in the spine as she presses her hand right down into the earth and lengthens up with her foot."
"And that's a beautiful, advance split bow variation."
She's going to inhale and extend her arms up to the sky into a beautiful mountain pose.
"Pressing into her feet, she's going to lengthen up and then fold forward."
Good.
Placing her hands on the block.
Good.
That's going to give her a little stability.
Good.
And then she's going to lengthen that leg up to the sky.
"Today I'll be showing you how to remove your old doorknob, and replace it with a new one."
"Now the tools you'll need for this project are a flat head screwdriver for removing the latch bolt, strike plate, and spindle, and you want to make sure it's really thin so that it doesn't damage the side of your door, for those of you who are particular about it."
"A Phillips screwdriver, for removing the bolts on the doorknob and you don't have to have it, but an electric drill would help, because it can remove the bolts much faster than you would be able to with this."
"Now also, of course, you'll need a new doorknob, which can be any doorknob of your choice; can have a lock on both sides, a lock on one side, and the doorknob should come with new hardware, a new latch bolt, and the strike plate, and the spindle, and any necessary collars to complete the installation."
When you trim your toenails your going to want to use a toenail clipper and coarse emery board.
I use a coarse one because the toenails are a lot thicker then your finger nails so you are going to want to use a coarse one on your toenails.
You simply start with the toenail clippers close it just comes it and you just flip it around and start trimming to your desire length.
After you have trim all these toenails to the length that you want them then you could get rid of the rough edges by simply shaping the nail.
To the shape that you want it.
Usually when you get a French pedicure you usually leave the shape rather square if you just want really short toenails and no color or with color you could do them round and even a little bit shorter then you would if you where going to get a French pedicure.
That is completed and then we would just continue on and do the same thing on the other foot.
"Hello, this is Anthony."
"Today, we're going to talk about renting photographic equipment."
"And usually, the day rate can be anywhere from 20 dollars upwards to 500, maybe even 1,000 dollars for a high-end piece of equipment."
The biggest part about renting something that is really detrimental to it is that you have to put down a deposit.
"Now, no camera store owner, in his right mind or her right mind, is going to let you walk out of their camera store with a 5,000 dollar camera without a credit card or a pretty large deposit."
"So I know when I first started out, I wanted to make sure that I had that much money on my credit card because they might charge you for that camera."
"They might charge a few thousand dollars, and then you'll get that back on your credit card."
"Now, if you're working on a budget, this is something that you really have to take seriously because when you leave that camera store, if you had that money on your credit card, you might not have it when you leave, and that is a mistake I've personally made and I've seen some other professionals make."
"The one thing about renting equipment that is an excellent opportunity for any photographer, being a professional or an amateur or someone just getting into it, is that you don't have to purchase the equipment you're renting."
We all know that photography equipment is pretty expensive.
"So by renting it, you get a chance to see if you even like this equipment."
"Do you like this camera? And, you know, I give...I try to tip my students off to renting something before they buy it."
"So, in some ways, that's actually going to...going to work for you."
"When you have to rent a camera for a job -- let's say, you are a professional photographer or someone just starting out in the photography market -- you want to make sure that you call the camera store to make sure they have your piece of equipment."
"Most camera stores have a website where they list the equipment they have, and then they list the rate for that equipment."
Hello I'm Sifu Mallon with the Clearwater Kung Fu Center.
This is my assistant Melissa and this Kickboxing.
"So elbows are loose, shoulders are relax, right, and chin dips forward slightly."
"Now from here, she's going to advance forward with her left foot and throw a left jab out."
Hold it there a few hold after you throw it out.
"Okay, now if we're looking straight on to the target, we want to actually bring our punch, okay, so that it's inside your shoulder range."
"So if you look at the body as a triangle this way, we're pointing, punching toward the center of the body."
"The forward leg, if you're looking, right, the foot is flat and the weight is on the inside of the foot, not allowing the weight go to the outside so that you're lifting your toe, you're unstable at that point."
So weight on the inside.
"If we're not punching anything especially in beginning phases, we want to maintain your elbow, okay, in neutral."
This means we're not going to lock the elbow out when we throw the punch.
Okay.
Starting with our punching.
This is going to be straight but not lock.
"So this is lock and that's what we want, a little relax."
Bring the hand back in.
"""And Melissa go ahead and fire off a few repetitions of the jab."
"The punches, okay, we're going to be using, okay, our kickboxing punches."
So we have several different punches we'll cover.
"The first set is going to be our Straight Jab, meaning if I have my left foot in front, I'm using my left hand, okay and throwing a straight punch in front of the body."
I have Melissa demonstrate this slow so I can point out some of the finer details of it.
"So she begins from her stance, both feet point the same general direction."
Good.
Our hands are up in our high guard position.
ALEX BOYE: Hey.
My name is Alex Boye.
No!
But let me tell you how many people try to impersonate him?
[START SONG] [SOUNDS LIKE]I got you [SOUNDS LIKE] I don't want to leave before [INDISCERNIBLE].
Are you kidding me?!?
He has made millions of dollars.
You know why?
Because he does not care.
He does not care.
It is his own interpretation of his own emotion.
"That's why now, many people are looking--""Oh, man, you're bad brother!"" ""Oh, go ahead. Oh. Oh."" And he's got.... And you know Michael Jackson, he looks at--what's his name?"
MAN: Steven Tyler?
ALEX BOYE: Steven Tyler.
MAN: Yeah.
"ALEX BOYE: He looks at him, Michael Jackson, ""Oh, you're bad, brother."
"You're bad. I love you. Can I do a duet with you?"" Why? It's not because he can dance, it is because he has so much confidence that he doesn't care and it makes it look like he's absolutely amazing as a dancer on stage."
"One of the biggest things--one of the biggest ways you can gain stage presence, I'm going to tell you right now, okay, there's nothing else you need to know."
So many people copy that.
We're going to talk about a little bit more about that on the other side later.
"If you want someone to say that guy or that girl has amazing stage presence, all you have to do is have confidence."
"I'm telling you, confidence hides a multitude of sins."
"If you sing off key and you're confident, everyone thinks you're U2 from Bono."
"If you--seriously, if you can't dance good and you do it with confidence, then they think you're that guy from Aerosmith."
Am I right or am I wrong?
Can he dance?
"In this clip, we are going to be turning our bag right side out and making buttonholes along the two seams so we can use those to loop through our drawstring."
In this case it's 1 1/4 inch.
Go to the other seam and measure down 1 1/4 inches.
Put in your pin and then another pin 1/4 inch down from there.
We are just doing a really small buttonhole because this rattail we are going to use to slip through is very thin.
Make sure they both measure up and I also like to fold them together.
The measurement is off just a little bit and I will fix that.
We are going to do a four-step buttonhole.
"Switch out to your buttonhole foot, which looks like this."
Line up your fabric in the very center and to the top.
Put it on the first step of the botton hole.
Go ahead and turn your bag inside out.
"Four step button holes will have a picture, sometimes its arrow or sometimes its number or sometimes it's labled A, B, C, D."
At the very top you want to figure out where you want to put your botton holes.
What we are going to be doing is folding the top over and making a little casing the ribbon will slip through.
Fold it over about 3/4 of inch and turn to the right side of the bag.
Place a pin about 1/4 inch down and then 1/4 inch down from that pin is where we will be doing the button hole.
"Make sure once you fold over for the casing, you won't have anything sticking out."
Do the same thing on the other side.
You can even measure how far done.
"Hi my name is Dean Hale and today I'm going to give you a general overview of how to play the American classic, poker."
Now different people think of poker as different games.
"So it's two cards the same number and another two cards of the same number, that's two pair."
The next after that would be three of a kind or what some people call a set.
A set would simply be three cards of the same number in your hand.
After three of a kind would be a straight.
A straight is any five cards in sequential order of different suits.
After a straight you would have a flush.
"A flush is five cards of the same suit whether it be hearts, diamonds, spades or clubs in a non-sequential order."
"After a flush, the next highest hand value would be called a full house or what some poker players refer to as a boat."
And that is simply three cards of the same number and then two cards of the same number.
"So for instance the best full house you could have would be three aces and two kings, that would be called aces over kings."
Today Texas hold 'em is probably the most popular game that people think of when they play poker.
"After a full house you would have four of a kind, simply as it states, you have four cards of the same number."
The two hands that beat four of a kind would be a straight flush or a royal flush.
"A royal flush is ten, jack, queen, king, ace in order of the same suit and that is the best hand in poker."
My name is Dean Hale and I just taught you the basics on how to play poker.
"But there are games that have stood the test of time such as five card draw, five card stud, Omaha, seven card stud, Omaha hi lo, the list goes on and on."
The essential thing you need to know to learn how to play poker is the starting value of each hand.
The starting value ranges from high card all the way to a royal flush and then there's the rankings in between.
"High card is simply as it states, ace when you consider high card is listed as a high card."
"The next ranking would be a pair, that would be any two cards that are of the same number."
"The next ranking after that would be two pair, that would be two cards or four cards that have the same numerical value of the other one."
"So I may have made that a little confusing, let's just say if you have two threes and two nines, that would be two pair."
Let's go over the Rainbow Chest Move.
This movement will combine both the Torso Slide and the Chest Lift.
Be sure to keep your belly button engage to your spine and not arching your back.
Let's try it with some music.
"Five, six, seven, eight."
Let's try doing that in the mirror at home.
"Make sure your feet are parallel, your knees are slightly bent, your belly button's pulled in towards your spine, your chest is lifted, shoulders are relaxed and down."
Arms are out to the side.
Let's begin by first sliding the chest to the side.
Go to your full range of motion.
Now we're going to lift the chest and then bring it across to the other side and letting it release.
"Let's go back the other direction, up and over."
So that way you think about having a nice little rainbow.
So again go from side to side.
"Alright you want to check to see if it's on center, here's a little way to do it."
"Take a steady hand, rest it on your wheel, or your leg or whatever and just put it right up next to your piece."
"It'll, it'll tell you if it's true or not and it's true."
It's centered.
"So we're going to flatten the top and maybe you can do this since we're going big, clean up the wheel head."
It'll leave you with a more relaxed mind and you'll focus on the pot.
It's going to start boring it down like that.
Then we're going to start taking our thumbs and we're going to drill them down into the pot and we're going to go out with it.
Riding backwards or riding fakie is another very basic step in learning BMX freestyle tricks.
For me it's one of the things that I enjoy the most about riding although it is very perplexing to a lot of people you know it's just not a very natural motion especially once you spent so many years learning how to ride a bike forward.
A lot of people just don't understand the whole concept of riding backwards and there is a couple of things you should keep in mind when you are doing that.
You want to make sure that your weight distribution is center and you also want to make sure that you keep in mind that essentially when you are rolling backwards all of sudden your bike is stirring very differently because rather then stirring from the front and having the front wheel lead in the back wheel around all of sudden you are steering from essentially your back wheel.
So as you turn you are not only turning basically the opposite of the way that you do when you rolling forward but any sort of motion that come through the front end is going to effect the way that your bike turns much faster.
For example if you watch and you are rolling if you turn your bike turns very gently where if you are riding backwards you do that and all of sudden your bike is sideways and you have to make sure that you are not making any sudden movements and that you have a nice center weight distribution over the bike.
Basically riding fakie is one of the most necessary tricks or I guess types of maneuvers that you can learn how to BMX bike.
Once you have fakie skills mastered it opens up a whole new roam of tricks that you can start experimenting with.
Here I will show you how it works right no.
For Tiffany's hair I had to pre-treat her hair for hair color and that's the case for any hair color in order to achieve the best results.
You want to use a deep clarifying shampoo and make sure it says clarifying shampoo.
So she's not going to have extra light spots extra dark spots.
It's evened the porosity of her hair and will make her hair ready for hair color.
So Tiffany will have beautiful highlights when we're done.
That gets rid of any residue that might be in the hair.
"Any styling products, any hairspray buildup and sometimes there's a conditioner buildup."
That will keep your hair from coloring properly if you do not use a clarifying shampoo to get rid of that.
"Then the next process that I did was a deep conditioner, a protein anything any conditioner that says protein on it."
You want to use a protein based conditioner.
Which is a very thick conditioner that will help fill in any dry areas of her hair.
So her hair color processes properly.
So I've pre-treated her hair for hair color so we can get the best results from her highlights.
And then after you've prepared your tape grid the next step you want to do is add some greenery to cover up your mechanics and add prepare a foundation for your arrangement.
So you want to cut the greenery and tuck it in between the grid holes like this.
"Again, cutting your stems before you put them down into the water."
"Cut the stems, place it in."
"And you just want to create, your hydrangeas are going to be up here so you just want to create a good foundation."
And that'll hold them securely in the bowl between the grid and your greenery.
So we're just going to put a few more pieces in like this and we're going to go around in a circular fashion like that.
And tuck it in tightly and securely.
And this is how we prepare the greenery.
Put it in.
And next step will be the hydrangeas.
Just like that.
"And you can add, this is leather leaf."
That's how you green your vase for the hydrangeas.
Just tick it in like that.
Make sure it's getting down into the water.
"And you're going to put a couple of pieces, it doesn't have to be completely full."
And this is how you edge your greenery.
Just like that.
"And then we'll take, this is lemon leaves."
It'll add a different texture and a fullness.
"Okay, as you can see, I'm totally out of position for pose fifteen."
So I'm going to take you back to thirteen and get you back into the pose so we can add a hand to this.
"Pants are really fun to model because the longer the leg and, most print models have nice long legs, you really get to show off the pant leg."
"We want to show the flare, if it's narrow at the bottom or flared at the bottom."
We also want to show any designs that are on the pant.
"So in pose fifteen, you can show the sleeves and the pants particularly well with a very broad pose."
I'm going to point my left toe straight ahead with a straight leg and get my right leg positioned in a ninety degree angle.
"The right heel is just to the back of the right, the left heel so that it creates this ninety degree angle."
The right toe is pointed straight out to the side.
"In pose fourteen, we added one hand."
"In pose fifteen, we're going to add two hands."
So bring both hands up to the hip.
"Again, keep your focus into camera and notice that the body is totally broad to narrow by adding two elbows up."
"And I have a wide view of the clothing that I'm wearing, particularly pants."
"After you've mastered your round-off, you're able to start moving on into more advanced tumbling."
"So it's really important, your spotters are going to be behind you, we're going to end up going completely back and landing on the palms of our hands."
"Make sure you can keep your arms straight and you want to do a little shrug at the shoulder and then you're going to pop out of it, similarly to how you would pop out of a handstand."
"Now it's also important to learn, once you've mastered your back handspring, the second high level skill is going to be your tuck."
"Now first you need to master your tuck jump, which is going to be this position here, knees high up on the chest."
And a tuck jump is basically going to be this form with both your knees hugged tightly to your chest in the air.
"You can do a running tuck which is going to be attached to your round-off, or your handspring, or you can do a standing still tuck, which is going to be a different prep from our handspring."
We're going to start stationary.
"We're going to get up on our toes to get some momentum, and we're going to go straight in."
It's really important to ride your jump up when you're doing a tuck.
You really need to pull yourself all the way to the tippy top before you go into the tuck position.
Now advanced tumbling is most easily done in combination from a round-off because you're going to get a lot of momentum.
You want to hold that position tightly until you spin all the way around.
"Now a lot of us, when we're landing our tucks, you're going to be in this position down here on the floor a lot when you land your tucks."
"That's ok, you're still learning, just get up out of if, and get a spot until you can make that full rotation."
Another tumble which is really advanced is called a layout.
A layout's going to be a flip that's similar to a tuck where your hands never make contact to the ground.
In the air your layout position is basically going to be this.
We're going to do a full rotation in a flat position like this.
"After you've mastered your layout, you can start doing fulls which are the most fun tumbling."
A full is going to be a layout in this position with a full rotation in the air.
Those are the most difficult of tumbling passages.
Demonstrated right here are the steps that you're going to take in a back handspring.
A good way to master those is using trampolines.
You can use foam pits and also definitely use lots of mats.
I highly recommend starting out with spotters.
"This is going to be the best way to learn the movements in slow motion, then you can go ahead and take it from there."
Now we can also do all of these tumbles which we're going to call standing format instead of running which is linked onto the round-off.
Now it's important when you're learning your back handspring to have tons of matted floors.
These are going to be provided by your facility when you're tumbling.
"Now the correct position to start off with a back hand spring, you're going to want to bend at the knees and rock back on your heels as you take off."
"Hi, I'm Tim Gipson and I'm going to talk to you about how to measure windows."
"Now, window size is based on the finished opening that we have around the windows."
"So, from the top finished opening of the window to the sill gives me my height of the window."
"So, in this case as I've measured I've got a thirty one by seventy inch window."
And how that's useful is draw a rectangle.
Put those dimensions down.
"So, now if you're constructing a valance or you're putting curtains up or measuring for curtains, then you have your good measurements for you windows as far as how many panels you'll need or what size you'll need for blinds."
I'm Tim Gipson and that's how to measure a window.
"So, in this case these windows have finished drywall and so the width would be from one finished side to the other."
"So, to measure that, simply put my tape measure flush to one side and measure over to the other side and I get thirty one inches."
"So, just by measuring flush side to flush side I get thirty one inches."
"So, my window is thirty one inches high."
"Now, the same thing on the height of the window."
"Now, the height we can't see because it's up inside this valance, but there will be a top finished surface just like this drywall finish up inside."
"So, I can insert my tape measure up to that width and then I what I want to do is I want to measure down to the sill down at the bottom."
In this case I get seventy inches.
Hi I'm Gretchen Rivas with Relax to the Max Massage Therapy and today we're going to be talking about how to give a massage.
When you are working with someone and you want to give them a massage what you want to do is oil their back up first and I have already done that.
We don't really need to add a whole lot.
"You don't want to put so much oil on someone when you are giving a massage that they're like sliding around in oil and grease so just enough to give you some nice glide is all you need and then just do some nice soothing strokes, choppy short strokes are not always the most comfortable or feel the best."
You want to do long gliding strokes to make the person feel connected and then some nice other massage strokes that feel good are those that go against the muscle fiber called cross fiber friction and since most of the muscles in the back run this way what you would like to do is go across and the opposite way and that really feels good and helps loosen up the muscle fibers and release tension and stress in the person.
"You can work in the shoulder area through here, around the shoulder blades and come up through the neck and you can do this on any part of the body, this long stroking and soothing strokes down on the arms and also when you get to the leg area you can do that too."
The main thing you want to be careful of is not to rub on the bone.
"You want to avoid the bony prominences on the body, work on the muscle tissues and ask for feedback from the person you are working on so that way if you are new to this and you are just playing around with a friend and just trying to give a massage and not professionally trained, have them give you feedback on how you are doing and if you are rubbing on anything that is painful."
You want to be careful about that.
Just go nice and slow and stroke through the areas that need it and that's how you give a massage.
"Now, I've taken all four of my side walls and I've flipped them onto their backside so that the leaves are facing the bottom here."
"And, they're all facing the same direction where the slits are all at the same side."
"So, then you do it on the top edge and then also on the side edge of the same piece."
Get them really well scored and slipped.
The gooier they are the better they're going to stick together.
"So, you're going to need to do that to all four pieces before you move on to putting it together."
"So, now I'm going to moisten the top edge of one piece."
"And, taking my scoring tool which has multiple needles."
"You can use a regular needle tool, you're just going to have to do a lot more scratching."
"So, it's really nice to have one of these."
Make some cuts and them take your slip again and just put a little layer of that on there.
It's going to act a little bit as a glue.
"It's going to help bond these pieces together, because they are leather hard."
"So, they do need a little bit of extra moisture and that'll do that."
"Okay, now we are going to add some scallops."
We are going to come back about halfway.
"Okay, and then just pull it off of the pre-strung beads."
"Okay, and now we will come to our next marked off point."
"Okay, you want to go in and out like this."
"Okay, and now you have got a little crisscrossed swag going on."
It is very pretty.
"Okay, and we will do one more."
I am going to secure this pre-strung beads here and measure it off.
It has got just the right amount of beads on it.
"And, slide your needle very slowly and you kind of watch the beads as the needle goes through."
You can see it enter each of the beads.
You can mark the halfway point between each of the scallops that you have with some pins.
"If you see the needle come out at the side, then you want to pull back and redo it."
Let me cut the knot off of the pre-strung beads and pull that up and go to our next marked off section.
"And, you will just continue that to the end and we will secure each scallop as we go."
"Okay, now when you get to the point where your thread is about twice the length of your needle you want to stop."
"Do not be tempted to continue to bead till you are too close to the needle, because you need room to make your knot."
"So, to make the knot we want to just come up through the fabric a little bit."
Grab a little bit of fabric.
You make a loop.
You put your needle through the loop and hold the next loop while you pull down the first loop.
"And then, put your needle again through the loop and pull that down and pull the whole thing taut."
"And then, we are going to come back."
That should make a good secure knot.
"And, you can cut off close to the knot."
"So, you just slide your needle through along the seam and come out at your marked point."
"And, again we will measure off with our paper the amount of beads that we want for our scallop."
Okay.
"And, hold that taut and just slide the needle through the beads."
When you hold the string nice and taut the needle will go right through easily.
"Okay, you pull."
"Hi, I'm Emily Larew continuing on with our intermediate hip hop combination."
"We're on the third count of eight, counts one through four where we're going to hit the floor and then pop it."
"We go, one, and two."
"Make sure you straighten your knees, huge pop O.k?"
"and also if you can see I'm stepping, leaning towards my leg that I'm stepping on."
O.k?
So we did here on eight.
"We will one, and two."
Now I want you to slap your legs as your arms come back.
You're going to release your upper back this time and come down on four.
O.k?
"Make sure that as you slap the floor, your knees are bent."
Alright?
Alright?
So we have here on eight.
"We go one and two, three, four."
Good!
Try a little faster.
Nice job!
"Don't be shy with that slapping the floor, just get it."
Ready?
"Here we go, five, six, seven, eight."
"One and two, three, four."
So we have just finished stepping out on one with our right foot and our left arm is in front.
Good!
Let's try backing up now and we can add it all together.
Ready?
"Here we go, hold four."
"We've got one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight."
"One and two, three, four, five and six, seven, eight and one, two, three and four, five, six and seven eight."
"One and two, three, four."
Good!
That was our hit the floor and pop for intermediate hip hop combination.
"We're then going to step on our left foot on one, one, alright?"
We're going to pop it right here and two.
So your hands come in your chest because you're popping your chest out.
Releasing the lower back and popping it back in.
Alright?
So we just did this on eight.
Hi!
You might want to test it just to make sure that it is not loose.
Additionally it is always a good idea to test it one more time.
In this video clip I will be showing you the final step in installing a smoke detector.
Next we need to install our battery.
You want to make sure you get the positive side to the positive side and negative side to the negative side.
Go and close the battery compartment.
At this point I like to test the smoke alarm while it is still on the ground.
"I would hate to put it up in the ceiling and just to find out that it doesn't work because I would have to get back up there and take it down, so it is much easier to test it on the ground."
Everything seems to be working properly.
"To install our smoke detector on to our base, we simply put it in place and rotate it clockwise until it snaps in place."
Hi!
"I'm back with my expert Anne, who is a reflexologist, and I'm just about to begin soaking my feet in this bowl of hot water."
Working on reflexology for more than an hour is usually a bit too much for your lymphatic and your circulatory systems.
"There will normally be a soak to soften your feet and to sort of get the blood flowing first, and then feet will be cleaned and scrubbed, and then they'll be dried off and we'll go to work on your feet."
"Because there's no gliding or sliding along larger muscles, reflexology doesn't require any lotion or oils."
"It's a nice, quick, sort of more convenient massage."
"Anne, what can we expect when we come to reflexologist?"
"Typically, what happens?"
"Well, if you go to a spa for reflexology massage it's a little bit different than going into a room and laying on a table and getting a full shiatsu or Swedish massage."
You'll be normally fully clothed because you're just dealing with the feet and the hands and the lower legs.
You'll be normally sitting up right.
"It's kind of a great way to learn about massage because you're facing the massage therapist, so you're able to actually talk to them about what specific pressure points do and where the pressure points are related in your body, so you're able to get a much clearer idea specifically step by step what massage can offer you."
How long does it take?
"Normally, a full reflexology treatment takes between half an hour and an hour."
Did you know that using certain types of oil additives with synthetic lubricants or synthetic oils could actually be detrimental to your engine's performance?
"Hi, my name is Jeff Jannett, I'm a Harley Davidson certified Master Technician and today we'll be discussing oil additives."
"the Mobil 1 synthetic, they can say you can void the warranty on the motorcycle if you use an additive with a synthetic."
"Again, my name is Jeff Jannett, Harley Davidson Master Technician, and if you have any further questions about Harley Davidson oil additives, feel free to browse the Web."
There are numerous articles on it and a lot of information out there.
"But, any further questions talk to your local Tech."
They can be more than happy to help you.
"A lot of Technicians in the industry, I've been in the industry for ten years, we all believe, never met one that would disagree with me, that oil additives are not necessary, especially for air cooled V Twin motorcycles."
"A lot of the programs that you see that tout their product, products that are actually manufactured, not going to name a lot of names, but they throw you out some great infomercials, yeah, great, lot of testimonials, and so forth."
"But if you notice a lot of the test beds they're using are automobiles, trucks, diesels."
"Air cooled V Twin motorcycles, if you follow the maintenance schedule, if you change your oil regularly, if you use a synthetic oil, you'll do just fine without any additional oil additives."
"Air cooled VTwin motorcycles specifically in hot States, I would recommend running synthetic oils."
"There's several on the market; Amsoil synthetic 20w50, Harley Davidson Syn3, V-Twin synthetic motor oil."
Most of these are all designed for the air cooled V Twin motorcycles.
"Again, additives I would not recommend the additives on an air cooled V Twin motorcycle, for the simple fact that you can actually cause more damage and harm and in some cases, specifically with some brands, ie."
And what I'm going to do also JR is I'm going to apply a papaya and pineapple enzyme peel onto your skin.
I'm just going to warm it up a little bit before I put it on.
"Actually, steam is very good for oily skin."
"It also helps to cleanse the skin and soften it, and it helps anything that you have that's clogging the pores to come out."
"So someone who has acne skin, steam is good for it as well because that's obviously problems with maybe pores that are clogged or just hormones and things like that so it'll help the product to take deeper into the skin."
That's correct.
That's correct.
Yes.
"You want to, you want to be careful with acne skin though because you, you want, you want to cleanse it and you want to put the right products on there."
A lot of people think that if you have acne prone skin that you can't use any moisturizer.
Moisturizers are fine for acne prone skin.
"What they do is, they really help to balance the ph of the skin and by doing that you're allowing the skin to produce the proper amount of oil."
I don't want to shock you with a cold product.
Sometimes if it's dried out too much it's going to produce more oils naturally and as a result tend to be even oilier than if you hadn't used a moisturizer.
"Now, with steam, can people at home do their own steam, like I always see women with a pot over their head, leaning down with a towel over the pot."
"Oh sure, yeah you can steam your own skin at home."
It's fine.
It opens the pores.
"It makes it easier to clean the skin and it also, it also helps to make it, and it really helps with perspiration as well."
So it cleans the skin out and you just want to make sure that you do a good cleanse before you steam.
Is it good for people with oily skin?
Welcome to Sedona Spa.
We're going to be doing an acne treatment today.
We're first going to start with a cleansing treatment.
"We're going to do two cleansing treatments, and a deep exfoliation, and then we are going to start again into the process of the softening gel, enzyme, and we're going to steam and open up those pores for a cleaning."
"Alright, take a nice, deep breath."
Our steam's just about ready and we'll be turning that off.
"And there it is, ready to go."
"Alright, take a nice deep breath for me again."
"We're going to be doing some very deep cleaning on our client, and make sure that we really clear the skin out for her."
So that her skin really starts to come up to more of a normal base.
"We're going to start with a little aroma therapy, and start her breathing into the aroma therapy so that she can get used to my hands being on her."
"Sarina, take a deep breath. Again. Ok. We've got some steam going, we're going to use our steam. You can hear the noise in the room."
"We're going to use our steam along with the softening gel, and the product that's an enzyme, to help open the pores."
Hello.
My name is Grady Johnson and I'm a professional painter.
"Now on this job, it's not really peeling bad."
"It doesn't get a lot of sunlight, so it's not too bad."
"If you've got a lot of heavy chalking or a lot of peeling, then you want a really, really strong, gas powered pressure washer."
"But on something lite like this, I just used my standard electric pressure washer."
This is only about twelve hundred psi.
There's not a lot to it.
So it doesn't have as much strength as a big one.
But it's not going to need as much because mostly we're just going to get the dirt off.
"We're going to take out these old cobwebs that are up in the eaves, that kind of thing."
This is why today we're going to go ahead and use this standard old electric pressure washer.
"Now, these are really easy to turn on."
"It's just a button in the back, back here."
Push the button and you're going to hear it whir up.
That means the pressure is good.
"Then, you just kind of want to test it and pull the trigger."
Now you can see that's already set to about fifteen degrees.
That's going to be about what I normally work with.
That's why it's kind of sucky.
"Now, that's enough to clean the I.N."
It still has pretty good pressure.
Now we're going to talk a little bit about pressure washing.
This pressure washer's only about twelve hundred psi.
That's pounds per square inch.
"Now, when we're working, we're hoping we're not going to find many rough areas."
That's why we're using an electric.
Because mostly we're just washing.
"But if we've found a rough area we want to go ahead and go to this tip, turn it all the way to the left side and you're going to get that needle nose."
That has the maximum pressure on the pressure washer.
That'll dig out any area that you have even if you have a stubborn cobweb that's up in a corner.
"But normally, you're going to keep that at about fifteen."
Now that's just a matter of turning the wand tip.
The reason we're talking about pressure washing is it's crucial to pressure wash the exterior of your house before you do any painting.
That's about right.
"Now, you're going to go ahead and get that up into the eaves and we want to get the back side as well."
"Then, you want to go ahead and get the reverse side too."
"You see, this is a pretty good paint job."
It's holding on pretty good.
"Now, I'm going to bring my facing on down."
I'll work my way down the eaves that way.
"Now, once I've got to a point that I like, I want to go ahead and get the rest of this section here while I'm here instead of making a lot of moves."
"So, I'm going to need to get a little higher to get these jalous eaves."
So I kind of keep a ladder handy.
It's not that you can't paint without pressure washing.
I'm going to pull that in now.
Pull that into place and jump up a couple of rungs.
"Now once I'm up here, I can shoot down on it."
That way it'll work like rainwater.
This is where you really wash down all that grime.
It's a nice opportunity to get these sills too.
"Now, all that's left is this bottom part on the wall."
We'll bring that on up and keep continuing on down.
This is how you pressure wash the exterior surface of a house to prepare it for painting.
It's just that the paint's not going to stick as well as it will adhere to a cleaner surface.
"Now, with pressure washers there's a couple of kinds you can get."
You can get the gas powered ones which are the best and the strongest.
"Or you can get something like I'm using today, an electric pressure washer."
"In the next area, what we're going to talk about is the mouthpieces."
"One of the requirements for USA Boxing for competition, is to actually have a form fitted mouthpiece."
"And, you're not getting the full capacity of a good mouthpiece by trying to cut down a adult one into a youth size."
"So, make sure you have a good assortment of those."
"What we like to do, is we just take a cup of water and throw it in a microwave for two and a half minutes."
We don't actually boil the mouthpiece itself.
We'll take a cup of boiled water; we'll drop the mouthpiece in there for about twenty seconds.
"And, then pour that into the sink."
"The boxer takes the mouthpiece out of the sink, just shakes it a bit to get the excess water out of there and slides it in his mouth."
"And, what I have them do is once it's in their mouth I have them push down on the sides."
"And, then suck really hard and then bite so they're bottom teeth and bottom teeth both make an indentation in there."
"And, hold it for about a minute."
"The old rubber mouthpieces that you just insert and use temporarily, like maybe in a gym in a sparring match or if the boxer forgets his mouthpiece."
"And, then once you take it out run it under cold water."
"Hopefully, what you're going to end up with is a good form fitted mouthpiece that fits you and only you."
"And, isn't able to fall out once you're in the ring."
"What we like to do here, is we have an area set aside with little Ziploc bags with the boxer's name on them so they can leave their mouthpieces right here in the gym."
"So, they're not using the excuse ""I forgot my mouthpiece at home."""
"We always try to have everybody working out in the gym with their mouthpieces, whether they're jump roping or working on the heavy bag or the speed bag."
"Especially, of course sparring."
"But, just working out with your mouthpiece gives you a chance to get used to it as well."
The only thing to remember is always have an assortment of youth mouthpieces and the adult.
"What happens is, if you try to cut down in adult to fit a youth you're missing a lot of the finer point."
"Hi, I'm Gretchen Rivas with Relax To The Max Massage Therapy."
"And today we're going to talk about, how to find a massage therapist."
"And so, this is how you would look and find a massage therapist."
"If you are in town visiting, one of the things you can do is, you can look on-line, or you can also look in the yellow pages, and call one of those adds."
"Now if you're in town and you just decided to try massage therapy for the first time, one of the best resources is of course, people that you know and referrals."
"So I would ask your friends and family if they ever received massage, and if they did, if they liked it, and who they used, and that's the best way to go."
"Another way you can go is, amtamassage.org is for the American Massage Therapy Association, they have a list of all their professionals on-line, and they're certified and registered massage therapist, so that's the safe way to go."
"When you do find somebody you want, ask them some questions, find out how long they've been licensed, how long they've been practicing, and what type of massage therapy that they do, to make sure that they can meet your massage needs."
And then ask them any other questions that you might have.
"And when you go to visit them, if you're not comfortable, you do have the right to speak up and say something, and also to terminate the massage at anytime, so don't forget that, if the massage therapist goes to deep, or you don't like the work, you do have the right to say no."
"But in general, massage is a very enjoyable experience, and it should be."
"Now, the thing about creative drama is, and this is where it's going to get a little tricky, depending on where you are and what the rules and regulations of your state and your educational system are."
The educational system today is geared to teaching to the test.
"But, I encourage you to turn that material into dramas, take the time to do it, because the students will retain it longer."
"And teachers have a tremendous amount of pressure to get X, Y, Z amount of material learned before this test and on and on the story goes."
"Creative drama is not about teaching to the test, it's better."
"Because, I guarantee you, if you can take the components that you are teaching, to the test, and turn them into the dramas, the students will learn them better."
The students will be able to retain the material longer than by simply teaching to the test with the direct style of teaching that you're using in your classroom right now.
"Students come up to me, ten, fifteen, twenty years later, all the time, and tell me that they still remember this activity, or this activity, or that activity."
"How many students come up ten, twenty, thirty years later and talk about the activities, the things that they learned when they were taught to the test?"
It's a totally different style of teaching.
"So, you can still teach towards the test, in the sense of teaching the same material."
When your collecting iron stone we talked about different patterns the different types of iron stone collect what I wanted to just show you today is that iron stone base is the heavy weight to it and it comes in different forms.
This one in particular is the white base iron stone which you will see this has a little bit of flow blue and a little of luster on it.
This is an iron stone base but it's the flow blue patterns that are on here this is early 19th century and you'll find that this is just a flow blue pattern but you'll find this in brown transfer.
Which is an iron heavy base also you'll find it in a red transfer the earlier the iron stone base is heavier base to it.
The other pieces that you find with iron stone base if the mulberry patterns a lot of those English wares made in the early to mid late 19th century you'll find that they have an iron stone base.
There made by the same a lot of these pieces are made by similar companies in England during the same period but they would produce the blue as well as the mulberry at the same time using the bases which are similar.
You might even find in iron stone a pattern that's the same as flow blue and you can find the same pattern in mulberry so there's a lot of different examples of iron stone bases that are used.
You can find a plain iron stone we also talked about LaMoush and bases to the LaMouch pattern that's iron stone also with lots of different patterns.
You can also find just a plain iron stone here that's made by a number of different companies in England these are all examples of heavy earth and ware that was made in 19th century into the 20th century.
They are very collectible and it all is very subjective it's what you find appealing so these are just a few example for you to look at before you start collecting.
today we're going to talk about model cars.
Right now we're out in a garage.
"when you use your cardboard box, when you spray any over spray will stay in the box and it wont fly all over the room or garage your doing it in."
"never use your spray paints inside the house, it'll smell for days."
I like to take a coat hanger and fabricate me a little bracket for holding the body so I don't have to touch it with my hands.
Here's a handy little item you can get in Home Depot or Lowes it simply attaches to your spray can and you're ready to start spraying.
Naturally you want to shake your paint up.
"Your model car is clean and dry, it's scuffed."
"Here's a handy little thing, you can buy a box of masks they have all different kind and this is better then just breathing straight in and it gives you that feeling like your in a real body shop."
"There's many different types of paint you can use from your automotive dupli-color touch up paints which you can get in many, many different automotive colors to your Rustoleum."
"I like to use a gloss black or semi flat black for my chassis, sometimes my interiors."
"Ok, we're going to talk a little about a bit about preparing our car for paint and actually painting the car."
Many different colors of household type paints you can buy.
"In your hobby stores they do have regular model car paint your medal flicks and what ever fancy candy colors you can think of, but right now we have some American tradition Valspar primer and we're going to shoot a little bit on the car."
I like to start from the bottom and work my way over.
If you start from the top and work your way down you could get some running in there.
"Doesn't take much, you don't want to get no runs."
"I don't know if you can see that paint flying but she is flying around, and there's your car primed out we'll wait about a hour, we'll be able to put some color on there."
"Remember, safety is the most important thing when you'e using chemicals."
"You take your model car and you get like 500 grip wet and dry automotive sandpaper, you can pick that up in your local hardware stores."
"You want to scuff the body down and you want to sand it, scuff it down, so you get rid of that shiny finish."
Then using warm water and dish detergent you want to wash your car.
"You want to wet it, rinse it off very well while you want to let it air dry."
"If you have a compressor you could blow it off but you want your car to be dry, and what I like to do is I like to be in a well vented lighted space for safety."
I like to use a cardboard box for paint booth.
"So, do you just have reeking breath that you're trying to get rid of?"
"Well, my name's Michelle, and I'm a dental assistant with Solutionz, and I'm here to explain to you what you can do to get better breath."
You just pop a clove in your mouth and kind of suck on it and chew on it for about one to two minutes.
This will kind of create a nice fresh type of clove scent in your mouth.
"These are all great ways on how to get fresher breath, but you definitely need to see your general dentist if you notice that you are doing these things and you're not taking care of the problem, and you still just have that stinky breath."
You definitely want to check out with your doctor or your dentist to see what you can do that will help you with that in the long run.
"Once again, my name is Michelle, and I'm a dental assistant with Solutionz, and I just explained to you on how you can maintain your fresh breath."
"Of course, you're going to want to brush and floss your teeth three times a day, and also, you can purchase like an over-the-counter mouth rinse with rinsing with this at least twice a day will help with kind of maintaining that nice fresh breath."
"You also too, it's pretty easy on on how to use."
"You just want to read the directions on the back, pour the solution into the cap, and then just swish around with it."
"You can sometimes what happens too, if you tend to feel that you cannot swish around with the time that it's recommending; you can dilute the mouth rinse."
This is not going to cause any difference in in the solution.
"It's just going to cause' due to the alcohol content that is in it that's why you're getting that burning sensation, so if you just pour fifty percent of water and fifty percent of the mouth rinse into the cap and then just swish around this will kinda' help; therefore, where you're able to rinse with it for the good one to two minutes of the recommended time."
"If you can rinse with it a little bit longer than that that'll be great because you can, it's just going to help you maintain that fresh breath."
"Also too, if you don't have access to a mouth rinse, what you can do; a natural way to kind of maintain a a fresh breath is chewing on cloves, which you can easily purchase at the food store."
"If you feel like you've made a mistake or if there's this white border that's showing, you can go ahead and cut."
"If you didn't get close enough to the picture, you can go ahead and put the ruler over it one more time and make it a really nice clean finish."
We're scoring it right now.
It may take even 10 times.
"You don't want to press too terribly hard, but do it several times until this foam core starts to come off."
"Again, you just want to take it easy and just kind of press this."
"Once that side is done, you will take it off."
You can kind of clean up the edges a little bit.
"O.k. Now we're going to start off with the bath tub. And then, we'll move on to the shower. So let me get my gloves on, first."
Because I can't quite reach across right now.
So I will just get everything out.
So that we can start off with a clear surface to clean.
"Now these items, you want to make sure."
"Well, to me, anyhow."
I like to have them clean when they go back in.
There's no point in cleaning a counter top.
"And then putting dirty things, back on top of it."
So I'll go through all of these items and I'll just wash down each item.
"With a damp cloth, before I put it back into the bath tub."
"And with things like plants, they get dusty on top."
Here is a really easy way.
If it's a fake plant like this is.
Then I just run it under the water.
"And it gets all of the dust, off of the leaves."
"And you know, every thing's plastic."
"Since nothing to, nothing to ruin, in any way."
Shake it upside down.
And you don't even have to dry it.
It's nice and green again.
"All the whites, if you see on here."
There's white dust sitting on there.
This one's nice and fresh and shinning.
This is easy as that.
"And what we're going to do is, move anything that's sitting around your tub."
There is no way you can clean around your items.
You have to move them.
"Because you just don't get a, you don't get a thorough clean."
"And this is about thorough clean, today."
"So and I usually, get into the tub."
"Alright, now that we got it all buttered up, scratch and slip."
I'm going to take our ring and place it on this.
Everyone is happy.
There.
OK.
So that's almost there.
Now this a point where when you're working and your hand building.
Now take your time.
Make sure your hands are nice and clean.
You don't leave a bunch of goofy fingerprints all over all your stuff.
"You want to just very touch, very deliberately and very lightly at this point."
Alright.
And I'm just check out where it want to go.
It'll naturally find its own way.
And then I see.
I'm going to look at my socky set and see what it's thinking.
Do you like it.
Nope.
It wants to be in here.
"You could choose a custom frame, but you also have the choice of doing a ready made frame."
We have this picture of a little kitty.
"Everyone loves their animals, their cats and their dogs."
"So, we choose which size we want to frame this in."
We might choose an eleven by fourteen and it fits in that really nicely.
"But, we might choose a sixteen by twenty."
See?
That leaves a little bit more matting around it.
"So then, what we want to do is we'll pick the matting that goes with it."
"So, for me, I've picked these two colors that I think would go very nicely with this picture."
So you can take a simple picture of your cat or your dog or your children and make an absolutely gorgeous frame for it.
We sell this custom frame here.
"It's like, fifty dollars a foot."
We've made a ready made out of this same molding because I did a large picture in this for my customer and I had a little bit left over.
"So, this particular ready made is an eleven by fourteen and it regularly sells for three hundred and thirty five dollars."
"But with already mades, we cut the price almost in half."
"So, this ready made is one hundred and sixty eight."
"Or, you have this same one...this is an eleven by fourteen (the same size) and it only runs thirty three dollars."
"So, you can see how there is a huge difference between the price in one and the other."
"The next thing we're going to talk about, and it's very important, because we are dealing with a lot of water here, is filtration."
It's very important you get the proper filtration on a turtle tank; otherwise you will end up with an extremely dirty tank.
Inside here we have our filter media.
"It comes in these little packets, these little foam blocks."
You buy these; they come in packs of two.
They last a long time; you can actually wash them out and reuse them.
"Then also you have three, if I remember correctly maybe it's four, three little containers in here that carry various types of filter medium."
"What we're going to put in here are these little white things, these are bio beads."
What they do is they allow beneficial bacteria to build up on them and that bacteria will help eat waste in your aquarium and take care of your turtle tank.
We'll talk about the rest of filtration in just a moment.
Greater risk of things like Salmonella and stuff like that so you want to stay away from that.
What we're looking at here is my preferred method for filtering a turtle tank.
This is a fluvial canister filter.
This sits outside of the aquarium and there's two tubes that run out of the top of it and run into the aquarium.
"They're pretty easy to use, essentially."
Once we open it up in here and look inside.
"It just open up with the clamp, the top, the whole top comes off."
Set that aside for now.
"Just want to show you an alternative way to stage a plant into a decorative pot, outside of just mossing the plant."
"Real quick here, I have a Ficus Corkscrew, I have a decorative pot with a deep vinyl saucer."
"I want to put this plant in here, I've chosen this pot out, I think it looks good with the tree, but I think it looks a little naked in there by itself and I want to make sure it has something other than moss on the top."
"I recommend, in top dressing like this, it often looks good to put alternative lower plants that fill the bottom out."
"And, I'm using two deep vinyl saucers because you want to saucer everything individually, and drop in what I have are some Pothos which fill out quite nicely and are great lower light plants, and drop those into those saucers."
"And, as an alternative to just having moss at the bottom of the plant or nothing at all, you have some nice full decorative foliage, in their own saucers because they have different water needs than the Ficus."
"Filling that pot out, and if I want to see the pot a little bit more I can move things aside a little bit."
"But it's just a great alternative way to top dress a plant and stage it correctly in a professional manner that an interior plant-scape company would, such as ourselves."
"Before I was doing this, I was showing I had another section here to roll."
Another roller here for the wave.
Smaller roller here pushing it up for the wave.
That will give you like a piggy back effect like that.
It will come out wavy like this.
I was about to finish it and then I decided to show you that you can also finish it this way.
"In order for it to do a wave and piggy back on her head, you have to place those real nice and close to the scalp like that."
"Then you're going to go and roll a full head of hair, a full roller, onto her like this."
You're going to take the hair and roll it on the roller.
Rolling it on the roller.
Just rolling it.
Let's get better control of the hair.
You can do this too.
Placing another roller here for security.
I'm Ivan Madar.
If things linger and are not repaired then it creates the tremendous dissatisfaction on the part of the members or our guest visiting the resort.
So it's important to fix it right away.
"There's nothing more distressing when you walk in, let's say in a fitness area, and every other treadmill has a sign on it, it's out of operation."
"If you do put a sign on something that it's out of operation, it should be dated and it should state when it's going to be repaired so people don't come and just wonder what is going to happen."
"Those are kind of basic principles of good relations with the members and the staff, your maintenance staff."
"Maintenance of a facility, obviously, it's not that complicated."
We know what we have to do to maintain the heating and air conditioning and the plumbing in here.
"The question becomes: do you have the in-house staff that does all these repairs when necessary, or do you hire contractors?"
"I tend to have one person on staff, depending on the size of the facility, obviously, but at least one person who is a universal handyman, who can fix everything, except the large, large jobs."
That person should be available to the facility for at least two shifts.
Meaning about sixteen hours a day.
"So whenever something breaks, you have to fix it right away."
"In a private club, it is not acceptable that things are broken for longer than necessary, and it's usually only a few hours, or at the most, one day to the next."
Alright in this clip we are going to be going over how to go over the bags that we are stacking up.
These are great to do and it is going to help you to get higher and start jumping a lot better for your double leg.
That is why these are really good practice to use for the double legs.
"If you touch it, you don't want to touch it because if you do they are going to fall over."
These are very wobbly and it is going to really push you to not touch and get over and they are also very soft so you won't get hurt.
All these are punching bags and if you practice martial arts they should have them or if you are doing gymnastics in a place they should also have other things that you can stack up that are very soft that you can practice going over.
Alright so same motion and you should be able to do your double leg by now going over the mat and that is the best way to practice getting it down so now let's go ahead and practice going over these.
"O'kay you can see as I went into my double leg, same motion, same thing but this time I really tried to clear it without touching it so this is great practice if you want to practice going over people for performances it looks great, o'kay."
"Another good thing these are good for is when you start doing your double things at a certain height it is a mind thing, when you start taking the stuff away it gets harder to do your double legs so as you get it and you get more comfortable with it start taking them off."
So actually start high and then start going lower and lower just like that and then soon you will want to get all the way to the ground without anything.
You are going to find this is the most challenging spot because in your mind you are not going to push yourself to jump as high and some people as soon as they take this away they just go this low and bam fall to the ground.
The plants when they come up and begin to draw will be long and skinny.
"The more sunlight that you can put on them, the more robust the plant will be, the thicker the stem and the less skinny or tall stem with a few limbs on the end of it."
"When you get ready to transplant them in the garden, it is best if you have a robust or short squat plant than a tall skinny one."
"This is the wrong time of the year to be showing you any seedlings since this is the first ones that I have put in the ground in dirt but from last year, from seeds that were spilled on the ground on the floor of my greenhouse, we do have a more or less grown tomato plant which will have the same type leaves as the little ones will eventually."
"I'm not sure what variety this is but this is a sure enough tomato plant that has been growing here all winter in the hard soil with no water, with no care and I am assuming if I were to water it a little bit and take care of it, some of his buddies over there didn't like tomatoes quite as well, that it would probably produce tomatoes for me this spring."
"So, I'm talking to you about improv comedy, and what I want to talk about right now, is book recommendations."
"A lot of people in my improv classes, ask me for what books they should read, and I've read a ton of improv books, and many of them are the same, and some are better than others, so here is my list of recommendations for improv books, and which books are good for what things."
"This is by Charna Halpern and Del Close, founders of Second City and Improv Olympic, and this is another classic improv comedy text."
It's going to go over the basics.
"It's going to drop a lot of celebrity names at you, to try and impress you."
"Don't worry about the celebrity names, just focus on the content."
"There's some good stuff in here, also very short."
"This is the book I would recommend, the Playbook:Improv Games For Performers, collected and edited by my friend, William Hall, and if you want to just get a list of improv games, I think this is the best book that is a compilation of improv games."
It's divided up by category.
There's great descriptions of the different games.
There's some great quotes in the back.
"It's small enough to fit in your backpack, your pocket, and keep it with you in rehearsals, so if you want to learn a lot of improv games, this is the book for you."
"My number one recommendation would be, Impro, by Keith Johnstone."
"If you are interested in narrative long form, like I am, this is the book I would recommend, Acting on Impulse by Carol Hazenfield, a wonderful book."
She's an amazing teacher.
"I've gotten to study with her, and I read this book, and I just wish I had written it."
She covers great topics.
"It's very succinct, very clear."
"She's got exercises attached to each of the topics, and it covers storytelling, narrative long form, and also it's really good if you're starting your own troupe."
"She's got a great chapter about troupe mechanics, how to do those first rehearsals, how to do notes, and those kind of things, something that's missing from a lot of improv books, Acting on Impulse."
"If you're a super nerd like me, and you really love narrative long form, I recommend the Writers Journey by Christopher Vogler."
"This is actually a book for screenwriters, using mythic storytelling structure, from Joseph Campbell, and adapting it for screenwriters, and then I further adapt it for improvisers, so this is a text I use a lot in my own rehearsals."
"Lastly, if you're interested in applied improv, applied improv is using improv not for performance, but for businesses and organizations."
"This is a seminal text about improvisation, mainly about the psychological approach to improv, what goes on in the mind and the body, when you are improvising."
"This is the book I recommend, Improvise This!"
"How to Think on Your Feet So You Don't Fall on Your Face by Mark Bergren, Molly Cox, and Jim Detmar."
"This is a great introduction to how you can use improv for the business world, so those are some of my book recommendations."
"You can find them online, or your local bookseller, and I hope you enjoy them, but I still recommend, do improv first, read about it second."
"I really recommend this to beginners, or new improvisers."
I recommend it for my Improv 201 class.
It's short.
"It's really readable, and don't even worry about the last section about masks, it's kind of weird, and don't worry about it."
"The rest though, is really good."
"Ok, the next book I recommend is, Truth in Comedy."
Hi!
Or is that not an important feature to you?
Do you want something that has the freezer on top and the fresh fruit area below?
Do you want to bottom out like this with a single swing door on it?
The first thing you need to know about a refrigerator is its overall size.
Is it going to meet your needs adequately.
"If it is a remodel and you are going to be doing the cupboards, you need to get the specifications from your contractor to see how wide the opening is as well as the height of the opening also."
"If it is brand new construction, you really don't have to worry about that."
So much as you do with your existing construction that is in place already.
Color is another thing that is valuable to know.
What color do you want?
Is it going to match your other appliances?
The first recipe I'm going to show is how to make green bean casserole from scratch.
The first step we have to trim off the green beans we have to cut off the tail and the head.
As you can see those parts are very tough and they are not eatable.
Then for the longer green beans after we trim off the head and the tail we also cut them in the middle.
As you can see if you don't want to cut it one by one you can just get a bunch of them just make sure they lie perfectly and then cut off the head and then the tail.
For this recipe you don't necessarily have to use those fancy French cuts for your green beans because once the green bean is cooked in the casserole you can only tell the shape.
So now we are going to peel our shrimp.
You are going to make some really shrimp stock with this these shells so I encourage you we only have a few here but you can put them in a bag in the freezer.
Then you have enough accumulated you can make some shrimp stock.
So we have some beautiful brown gulf shrimp here.
What I'm going to do this is the head is already off.
What I want to do is just go ahead and just put my thumb right there just on the bottom.
You kind of peel off this tip part layer of shell and at that point go ahead and hold pull on it like this.
Pinch this end of it and the shell would come right off.
So now you have a beautiful shrimp just like that.
So we are going to do this to our others.
Just go ahead and take that top part off.
"Hi, my name's Amy Kistler, and I'm going to talk to you a little bit about the different types of personal trainers."
There's all different types of personal trainers.
Personal trainers don't always specialize in one activity.
"Some have a wide range of experience, and they're open to all different types of training."
"For example, some trainers do core training."
They also do full body weight training.
"Some break up training to do biceps and tris, and then some break it up and do back and bis."
All different types of trainers do different types of exercises.
They train sports players.
They train the average Joe.
They train somebody that just wants to plain and simply lose weight.
They train someone that wants to put on a little bit more muscle mass.
You have personal trainers that specialize in yoga.
And they also train people that are going to get married.
"So they do basic overall training, which is what most people out there are looking for."
There are personal trainers that are specialized in specific sports.
"So, for example, we have personal trainers that can help you improve your basketball skills, that can help you improve your volleyball skills, that can help improve you in running."
You can also get a personal trainer to help write you a program on how to progress and how to work up to running in a marathon.
You've got personal trainers that specialize in karate.
"You have personal trainers that specialize in dance, that specialize in core, that specialize in fitness."
There is a huge range of different types of personal trainers.
"If you're considering getting a personal trainer, you want to make sure that you're aware of what you want your goals to be so that you can get a personal trainer that's right for you."
"For example, if a personal trainer specializes in core exercises, they're going to be doing exercises that are related to the core area."
Just because we say core doesn't mean it's all ab exercises.
It means the whole body.
"So before we're going to attach the front to the rest of the pieces, what we're going to do is take some elastic and we're actually going to make a little holder to hold bottles of wine."
So go ahead and take it to your machine we're just going to run two stitches on either side and then a stitch down the center.
"You want to go back and forth a few times just to make sure that's pretty secured. Go ahead and do the center seam the same way again I like to make these fairly large because if you do want to say use one of those two litter bottles of water or I think a liter in a half, those are fairly large cause you do want to give space for them to fairly fit."
Then do your last seam and now you are ready to pin it to the rest of your lining pieces.
So this will make it so easy if you're going grocery shopping and have a few bottles so they don't slide around.
"Also if you're going on a picnic if you don't drink of course, you can just add some bottle of water or ice tea or something like that."
So what I did was just take a piece of elastic and your just going to measure out the same size as your bag.
"You want to leave about three inches on either side and just go ahead and cut, your going to find your center point put a pin and take two more pins."
I'm just going to give about two fingers worth ease because what you want theoretically is for this to be able to stretch and securely hold your wine bottles.
So two fingers of ease would be great.
"Then you're going to put a pin on each side again just put your two fingers, then you can trim some of the excess."
You do want to leave a little bit of excess into the seam allowance cause this will just make sure that once you stitch everything up that your wine holder is secured.
Hi.
I'm Michael Seto.
"Silver's going to give a harder reflection, white will give a softer reflection."
"So what I do to help magnify the light, I just set this up around the piece of jewelry."
This is very similar to a shooting enclosure in a way.
"We showed you the, in one of the other clips, the lighthouse, the light tent, this is very similar to that and it's just a basic setup to shoot jewelry, a couple of lights, a piece of white paper or plexi-glass and a couple of white and silver reflectors along with your camera and tripod."
That'll get you started.
In this clip we're going to talk about the basic setup for shooting a piece of jewelry.
"If we look down at my table here, we've got the beginning elements of the basic setup."
"You've got the jewelry, a piece of white plexi-glass here which we talked about earlier, we got the camera, a digital SLR set up on a tripod, and we've got here two florescent lamps, they're daylight balanced so that the white balance is close to daylight and you're not getting blue or red tinge to it."
So this is a basic jewelry setup.
With this you can shoot a basic shot and we're pretty much ready to go.
"One thing you may want to add though, reflectors."
"I use a lot of these, they're very useful."
"I just buy some cardboard at the art store that's silver on one side, white on the other."
"JOE PARSONS: So, I'm thinking about getting a puzzle."
LES MCGEHEE: Really?
The first one we're going to try that is a simple one.
"This is a great one that you can play with your family and friends in the car, and it helps to get your mind working."
"We call it ""Things In."""
"Joe, you want to start a ""Things in?"""
Explain to these people?
JOE PARSONS: Sure.
"All right, Les, I wonder if you can name for me 5 things in your backyard."
LES MCGEHEE: A swing set.
JOE PARSONS: One.
LES MCGEHEE: A dog with red hair.
I was reviewing the other day how my mortgage was advertising... JOE PARSONS: Uh-huh.
JOE PARSONS: Two.
LES MCGEHEE: A hole in the fence that needs to patched.
JOE PARSONS: Three.
LES MCGEHEE: A large amount of Jalapeno peppers and lemons on the vine.
JOE PARSONS: Four.
LES MCGEHEE: And a lemon tree because lemons don't grow on vines.
"JOE PARSONS: Five, very nice."
LES MCGEHEE: You see how that works and now I can issue him a challenge as well.
"And one thing to remember is that if you have a creative idea that feels funny to you, you use it."
"And anytime you don't feel inspired by an idea, just call the thing whatever it is."
LES MCGEHEE: [MAKES NOISE] and we're back.
There's grass in my backyard.
"And this way, you're accepting inspiration when it comes, but you don't feel any pressure."
"You just maintain the game and inspiration comes again when it's ready to, and that helps to support everybody's creations at the same time."
"What are 3 things in Dolly Parton's handbag, Joe?"
"JOE PARSONS: Kleenex, lipstick, and a brassiere."
LES MCGEHEE: What are 5 things Bozo the Clown won't be in the same room with?
"JOE PARSONS: Barbara Bush, a Buick, a giant tub of Red Vines licorice."
LES MCGEHEE: Ooh.
JOE PARSONS: Plastic forks and a tree that grows purple fruit.
"LES MCGEHEE: That is absolutely correct, Joseph, and you don't win anything."
"Hey, it's Les McGehee from ""Les McGehee Plays Well With Others."""
But it was really funny and correct.
"Now, you notice, whatever he says would have been correct because I'm not here to judge him, I'm here to play with him."
"You have plenty of time to judge things in your life, that's a grown-up thing we all have to do, but we're not doing that now, we're just playing."
My name's on there because I wrote that book and it's about improvisation and about having a lengthy career with a lot of miles in the improvisation arts.
"Along the way, I was lucky enough to meet Joe Parsons who may not look so funny now, but he really is."
"Believe me, you'll have to take my word for it."
"Now, Joe and I, we're going to try a few improv games for you right here and these aren't entertainment games."
"These are games that we play with each other before shows, just to warm up and get in the frame of mind, and everybody get together before we do a show."
"As I mentioned, not everybody could afford a clock, actually, only Kings and Nobility and then eventually rich people but most people knew what time it was from public clocks."
"It was a sign of prestige in Europe and then in America, if your town had a public clock and eventually you got to where there were many public clocks in the town often dueling bells, where the church's and the town halls were fighting over who had the correct time, which often had to be established by the use of a sundial, oddly enough."
This is copper that originally was guilded.
You can see little specks of gold on here but nobody has repainted this and it's sort of in the nice original condition that it came from.
I have a pair of these hanging on the wall in my house and they're lots of fun to own.
"You also see that there's another pole coming out the end here, which actually is a counter weight because if this hand were just attached here, it would be so heavy that the clock couldn't move it around in the big dial, like you see here, so you need it counter weighted and it worked, unless, perhaps, you had a pigeon sitting on the end and that sometimes was enough to stop the clock."
But public time keeping was how most people knew what time it was.
"This is a church near me, in North Andover Massachusetts, I'm talking to you from Andover Mass."
"now, but this is, again, is the way the people of North Andover, back in the seventeen and even eighteen hundreds until they could afford their own clocks, that's how they knew what time it was."
"Of course, this always had a bell on the steeple as well because, unless you were near by this church, you couldn't read the time on the face, you had to listen for the bells and know what time it was."
"Of course, the bells always rang when the Indians were coming or when it was time for a wedding, or a funeral, or church service but, ordinarily, if they rang out the hours, then you would know what time it was."
Something that clock collectors often try to have at least one set of are actual hands from a tower clock.
"As you can see in the picture, the hands are still there so I didn't steal it off my neighboring church but this supposedly was off a church somewhere in Maine but it was being sold by an antique dealer."
"We'll talk about condition, of course, later on but this is really the way you want to see something like this."
"All right, so you want to leave more than enough clay to work with."
"So I'm going to cut it way down here, and it should just fall off just like that, and you set that aside right there next to your teapot."
"All right, now all we have to do is let all that set up, and while that's setting up we can go ahead, and make a make a handle; let that set up too, and we'll, then by the time everything is all ready to go what we're going to do is take this lid, want to flip it upside down, clean the top, and depending on how the handle looks, either put another handle on here, or put a little knob or something the to where you can just lift it off the teapot."
"And then we'll go and we'll connect this, we'll put our little filter holes in there, and then that'll be that with the mockett teapot, and should be ready to go."
Another sign that labor is getting closer is lightening.
Lightening is when your baby actually drops deeper into your pelvis.
So you can eat more at a time because you've got room in your stomach.
It's easier to digest your food because there's more room with your intestines there.
And also you can breathe easier because there's more room in your lungs.
"Now, how you really know even more than that is, as that baby drops, that baby is going to drop right onto your bladder."
"So you already probably feel like you have to urinate all the time, now you feel like you have to urinate even more."
"And that's because the baby's head really, literally is right on your bladder."
So that is a sign that labor is coming soon when your baby drops or is engaged deeper in your pelvis.
"So, this is actually what's going on when your baby is lightening or dropping."
This is what your body looked like before you got pregnant and this is what it looks like now.
"So if you see your stomach is right up here in your chest, these are your intestines right here and this is your bladder."
It also is called engaging or dropping.
"Before you got pregnant, you had a lot more room here because there wasn't a baby in here."
"Now that you've got a baby in here, everything is pushed up or everything is pushed down."
"So before your baby drops or is lightening, this is way up high in your chest."
"So when your baby drops, the bladder, which is right here, the baby's going to drop into your pelvis deeper in there and put that pressure on the bladder."
But that then is going to give you more room up top.
So that's what it looks like when your baby drops or lightenings.
"So this can occur a few weeks before you go into labor, this can occur a few days, or a few hours."
In some women it actually happens while they're in labor.
"But for most women, it starts sooner."
Usually women can know that their baby is dropping because they feel very different.
"When your baby is high up in your stomach, it's closer to your stomach and your chest and so you have trouble eating because when you eat, your stomach feels full really fast because your stomach is pushed up higher into your body."
You also might have more indigestion and more heart burn because there's less room for your intestines.
"So once the baby drops, you get more room in there."
In this segment I showed you all different stuff about our natural beauty costmetics.
"You learned a little bit of why to chose minerals over the over the counter products, how to apply and course our different materials needed to apply our different application."
Think you very much for watching stay tune for other series in this group.
"Hi, my name's Dave Schoeneck, we're here in the beautiful Wasatch Mountains of Utah, here to talk about adaptive sports and how snowshoeing can fit in with a lot of people's adaptive life."
"This is another good stretch, you just, athletic stance and reach towards each toe."
I'm kind of grabbing my ski pants.
"You can grab your leg, it depends on how flexible you are."
"I'm fairly flexible but I mentioned earlier, I have a prosthetic hip so I'm not as flexible as I used to be."
"Hold it there, hold it there and then same thing, right side."
You really feel that in the hamstrings and in the glute muscles and that's a really an important muscle to stretch and get prepared because you'll be using that a lot.
"You're going to want to get into your athletic stance, your feet are shoulders width apart and you're just going to bend down at the waist, following the legs down until you feel the stretch, reaching for those toes."
"Reach, reach and you hold it, get as low as you can go and hold it and then try to go a little lower."
There you go.
"This is really stretching the quad and you want to be straight up, this left leg straight, and then you're just pulling the right quad back until you just feel that burn, right there in the quad muscle."
"Hold it, hold it as long as you can."
Then do the same thing with the other leg.
"So our goblet has set up overnight, the connection has reached the leather hard stage and we're ready to trim it."
We're going to put it back on the giffin-grip.
"In this case, because I'm trying to make it look a little bit like a wine glass."
"And then once you've done that, there's kind of an endless number of possibilities of what you can do to the stem."
Think of it like a table leg that you're turning on a lathe.
"You can make a ball, you can make little points."
There's so many different things you can do with this.
I like to go simple.
So I'm just going to make this little ball with an undercut.
And there we have a completed goblet ready to dry and go to the firing process.
Make sure that it's nice and centered by tapping it a little bit.
And then tighten it a little bit more.
A lot of times your stem and your cup will be just slightly off center from each and that's not a big deal.
Once you've trimmed it and it's complete no one will ever know.
You're going to use a ribbon tool to do the trimming.
It's called a ribbon tool because it makes a ribbon of clay whenever you press it against the clay to trim it off.
And the first thing you want to do is shape the bowl.
You want that cup to have a nice smooth curve.
"GINA KENNEDY: One of the Bandhas in yoga, Uddiyana Bandha, drawing your belly button into the spine is one that we like to work on and use for abdominal core strength which you use throughout your yoga practice."
"There's no better pose than Tolasana to help you gain abdominal strength, and you must use Uddiyana Bandha, which means a flying up, a lifting up, where you pull your belly button into the spine, and then lift it all the way up to give you an energetic lift."
Good.
Lower down for just a moment.
Good.
"Breathe in, and then she's going to lift up again."
"She's going to press her hands into the blocks, lift her behind, and then, if she can, lift her toes."
"Now, she might not be able to do that right away."
"You might just be able to lift one or the other, and feel free to just practice there 'cause this is a pose that takes an awful lot of abdominal strength."
"I'm going to have Faith, we're going to do Tolasana scale pose, and she's going to use these blocks under her hands to help her."
Good.
"So first, I'm just going to have you crush your ankles, Faith, and bring your knees in towards each other, so seated, yeah, right like that."
Good.
"So, I'm going to have Faith press in to her hands, draw her belly button into the spine using Uddiyana Bandha, and lift her tailbone up off the ground."
Good.
"Now, she's really going to have to pull her belly in even tighter to then lift her feet up."
And there she swings like the scales.
Hi guys!
This inner part of the bell pepper you want to take out of there because that's no good.
Put that aside and any of the stick white that you see here kind of take that out.
You just want the flesh.
You definitely want to wash your bell pepper before.
I've already done that.
What I'm going to do is I'm going to slice this just like you would chicken strips for fajita.
Put that aside.
Now same thing with the onion.
I'm going to use half an onion.
You want to use the same amount of onion as you would the bell pepper.
I'm going to make a vegetarian version of the enchiladas for the vegetarian of the house.
"Make sure to get all that stuff peeled off that I was talking about, all that nastiness."
You just want to cut this down into long slices.
Just like that.
"As far as preparing for this, you want to lightly coat this with some extra virgin olive oil."
That way the seasoning is going to stick.
Stick some fresh ground black pepper.
You want to evenly coat all the vegetables.
You're definitely going to need some salt.
"As far as salt and pepper goes, you just want to eyeball it and season to taste."
"Me, I'm just going to season that's probably about 1-2 teaspoons."
"I got my beef, chicken, now I'm doing the vegetable enchilada."
Then I'm also going to use a little garlic powder.
What you want to do is you want to toss all that together.
"If you want to add any other type of seasoning, paprika, cayenne pepper, anything you can."
It's up to you.
This is just my simple enchilada recipe and this is the vegetarian version.
"As far as the vegetarian enchiladas, I'm also going to have spinach, but these already nicely washed and ready to go and I'm also going to adds some cheese to all the enchiladas."
This is not what all that's going to go into your enchilada.
"As far as preparing for it, you want to go and preheat your pan again."
I already washed it and everything.
"The same pan that we cooked the chicken and beef, I washed it and I preheated it and it's nice and hot."
What I want to do is I want to get this yellow bell pepper.
You don't even have to add oil because you stuck the oil on the onion and bell pepper earlier.
And that is how you prepare your vegetables for you vegetarian enchilada.
You can use green or you can use red.
I just like the color of yellow and I'm going to use yellow.
What you want to do is you want to cut half down the middle.
I'm going to use this for later on.
"Basically, just slice big thick slices kind of like you would a chicken."
"So, I have a question for you."
What's your score if you get down to no cards left on the board?
"And then I'll play this five, four, five, six, seven, six."
I've cleared the board.
I've got no cards left in my down cards.
What's my score?
Zero.
"I know you can't get that in a real game of golf, but you can in golf solitaire."
Congratulations on a great score on this hand.
I think I have the answer.
We've gotten down pretty far.
"We've got just several cards left on our board, and we've, we know we're going to get a pretty decent score."
I've got two cards left to play.
"There's an eight, no help."
And then a four.
"You'll note, all these cards are in sequence, so I just need to make sure I play them in the right order to win the hand."
"First thing I'm going to do is I'm going to pull this three off, and this four over here."
"Alright, we're moving along in our sequence for insomnia."
Our next pose is downward facing dog.
"See if you can make it to ten breaths in down dog, and when you're done gently drop the knees and rest for a moment in Childs pose."
"Down dog is one of the most widely recognized yoga poses, and it's an all over rejuvenating stretch."
"So what we're going to do is from our hero?s pose, we're going to place our hands shoulder width apart, come into a table top, tuck the toes under and exhale as we lift up."
"We're going to lift through the hips, through the sitz bones, through the tailbone and we're going to drop the heels down to the floor."
"So if you feel like you want to bend your knees, go ahead and bend your knees, but keep lifting the tailbone up, and keep this line from the wrist to the hip straight."
"It's more important to keep that line straight, than it is to straighten the knees all the way."
"So if you're here, you really want to be here and if that means you want to lift up on your toes, than lift up on your toes."
"You can also peddle the feet one at a time, shifting through the hips."
"While you're here, keep the palms flat on the floor, keep the fingers spread, keep the shoulder blades wide and inhale and exhale through the nose."
"Are you tired of using the eyelash curler everyday, and wondering if you can permanently curl your eyelashes?"
"I'm C.G, with Lips and More."
"The procedure for eyelash perming, is finding a professional, talking with that person, making sure they know what they're going to do."
"Have them explain the procedure to you, which is when they're going to perm your eyelashes, they're going to clean the eye area, protect the eye area, and have you keep your eyes closed, for the full process, and procedure."
"They're going to use little tiny rollers there, and then they're going to apply the chemical."
"Now, your eyelashes are going to only stay permed four to eight weeks, because eyelashes regrow."
"They come out, and they'll regrow, but that growth does finally end, and the perm will end."
"You'll have to have it redone again, so this is C.G, with Lips and More, and the greatest gift, is the gift of beauty."
Can you permanently curl your eyelashes?
That's the question.
"Well, actually no."
It's like perming your hair.
A perm does not last in your hair indefinitely.
"Hair grows out, your perm grows out."
"Also, if you don't take care of your hair, and the perm, it's not going to last as long, either."
Same way with your eyelashes.
"Hello, I'm Tim Gipson and today I want to talk to you about carpenter safety."
So I've got a few things here that we're going to be looking at.
They are patterned for comfort.
And fit the size and protection your hands and your fingers from nicks and cuts.
This is a good step to have.
"So glasses, safety dam."
"Next thing I'm going to talk to you about is a table saw when we talk about safety in carpenter tools, a table saw is a good place to start."
"Whether it's - this is a contractor's saw so it's one of the larger ones, but whether you're working with this type or even a small table saw type, the most important thing is to make sure you do proper things to ensure your safety."
"This is the guard, now this is a standard guard that comes with any table saw, but whenever you are actually getting the act of sawing you want to make sure that's down."
"Now whenever you do something on the blade, such as changing the blade, you want to make sure that you unplug, so never work on any power tool as far as changing the blades unless it's unplugged."
"Here, I have a feather fence which is made and the feather fence will allow you to hold pieces against, so that will provide extra security in sawing."
"And then you have other things such as push blocks, and a push stick."
Now the most important thing is that when you are working on any kind of power tools or even hand tools and maybe even something as simple as hammering a nail.
"These help you to guide things through, keeps your fingers away from the cutting surfaces."
So just some basic safety tips there and I'm Tim Gipson talking about carpenter safety.
The first and most important thing that you can have for safety gear is to have your safety glasses.
So - and if they're a little dirty you can clean them up... but you only have two eyes so you want to make sure you protect them.
Some other gear that you have if you are dealing with tickly dusty conditions which is you deal with a lot when any time you're doing any kind of construction is the dust mask.
"Now these come in various types, this is just your basic dust mask."
"You have others that actually are upgraded and can have respirators in them, or vent valves so that are used for more such things as paint, or fine particle sanding, such as in drywall."
And then the next article is protect your hands.
"Having a good set of gloves, these are a heavy duty glove."
The next thing you need to do is anchor your oasis into the container and that is what we are going to be using.
We are going to use the soft drier oasis for it because the container has a small little step down here with the pedestal we are going to put a hot glob of glue at the base of it and that will fill it in a little bit and then you need to put a top one in and cut the corners off that you measured to stick on the top of that.
You don't have to go crazy with the oasis.
"We tend to do a lot of that here in America but a small piece of oasis is find to use then you take your floral tape and you will run it across in opposite directions on both ends, cut it off."
"You can let it go a little bit beyond, it doesn't matter, and then I like to take a piece and make sure it is totally anchored by going all the way around your container and this tends to stick it a lot better when it is stuck to itself so make sure you overlap it."
Then you can come back and cut your tails off.
This will help you anchor your flowers into your container so they won't fall out so the next thing you need to do is go ahead and anchor your oasis down into that container.
Now we're going to construct our ears for our animal purses.
"We got the panda face done, we have our cat face done, and now we're going to make the other ear for the cat."
Just make sure you're getting to the edge of the fabric and you'll know you're catching the wire.
You're going to continue this all the way around the edge of the ear.
"So, I'm going to finish up sewing my ear."
"Remember, just catch that wire that's inside of there."
"And once you have gotten down to the edge of the ear, I don't want you to, to finish this off with a knot."
We're going to attach it right to the purse.
"Okay, so notice there's a little piece of wire there."
I'm just going to bend that across so it's nice and neat.
I'm going to bring my cat over here.
I'm going to attach the ear.
"Remember, you're going to need two pieces of your ear cut out at the same time and your piece of wire that goes in-between them."
I want it right there.
"So then I'm going to go up from the bottom, I'm going to hold the ear in place while I attach it to the face."
And just do another running stitch right across.
"You're going to go up, underneath, through the ear, attach it to the face and go back down."
"Up, underneath, and go all the way across until your ear is attached."
Just like that.
So I have my two pieces of felt for my ear and my wire.
Place your wire towards the edge of the fabric.
"It doesn't have to be right on the edge, just near the edge, and place your other piece of felt on top."
You're going to lift this up and hold it with your fingertips together.
"You're going to take your needle and thread with the same color as the fabric, and you're going to go around that wire so it catches."
"You're just going to stitch from the bottom up, and you're going to go around the wire so you know that it's being caught by your thread and your stitches."
"Just keep continuing that, and it's just going to make little stitches all the way around."
In this clip we're going to drill Allister's beak down just slightly.
Some birds will get malformation of their beak where they don't match up.
"Again, this isn't hurting him, it is something that he needs to be able to eat properly."
Birds in the wild will rub their beak on either stone or bark to help file it down so that they continue to be able to pick up whatever food they eat and crush it.
"His matches up pretty well, it's just a little long in front so we're going to drill it down."
We want to make sure that he is able to eat and crush up his food and pick some up with his beak so that is why we do drill them.
"For someone just starting to do this, you probably want an experienced person around to help you with it as well to make sure they're holding the bird properly."
We don't want him fighting while he's having his head handled.
Just grab around his head and you want to hold the beak closed so that he can't open up and snap at you.
"Again, some of this depends on the temperament of your bird, if you are able to do this or not."
Allister's got a pretty good temperament and allows us to handle him and I'm able to file down the little bit of overgrowth that he has.
You want to smooth it out and round it out so that it's more of the natural formation of the beak.
Here I'm holding this species of boa.
It's called the Demeril's Boa and its scientific name Acrantophis Dumerili.
This is a heavy bodied boa and it's native to Madagascar.
Healthy adults can live up to twenty years and they can grow three to four feet in length.
"You can see that they have this beautiful color pattern and these shiny, overlapping, iridescent scales."
They have this specific blotchy pattern of lights and shadows because they have evolved to live on the forest floor in Madagascar and with this pattern they're able to blend in well with the leaf litter.
"This particular species reaches sexual maturity at three to five years and they're both interesting, the male is interesting because he uses two internal hemipenes in his tail to latch onto the female during mating, and the female unlike most snakes does not lay eggs."
She actually can give live birth of up to two to twenty snakes.
"Food wise, they are constrictors, the suffocate their prey, which are generally small mammals."
An espresso is just shots of espresso with cream and sugar or flavor if you like it.
You always want to freshly grind everything so that there's not grinds sitting in here.
"Anything that gets exposed to air or anything climate, can change the way your shots pull."
"So, your shots should look like this, with crema on the top."
This is called crema.
And so if they just want a double espresso it would just be two shots and then cream or sugar or flavor in it.
Watch our next segment and I'll show you how to make another drink.
Can you take any longer with our drinks?
"Actually, the bartender is working on that."
They're working as fast as they can.
I promise you'll they'll be out.
The bartender.
"There's always excuses, always excuses."
"Yeah, I'm really sorry, like I said, I put your order in."
It's on its way.
They're working as fast as they can.
And our food?
"Actually, I put the order in."
It should be out in probably 5 minutes.
5 minutes?
Make it 3.
"Okay, well I'll go ahead, check on it, and see if they can get it out any faster."
I'll be back.
I'll let you know how it's going.
"Yeah, you do that."
"I have to treat them nice, do it with a smile, do everything I can just to keep the situation calm."
Do what I got to do.
Customers are customers.
Sometimes you get nice ones and sometimes you get not so nice ones.
"I'm going to go ahead and check and see how they're doing, fill some drinks, and hopefully it goes well."
"So guys, how is everything going here?"
"So, lean back into it just a little bit."
We're opening out; squeezing the shoulder blades down the spine.
"All the way back, almost bringing the thumbs to your shoulders and then extension comes up."
"We want to keep the resistance here, as opposed to letting the shoulders round out and let go of the tension."
"So, apply the pressure, pull back and engage."
"We're going to do this as a compound exercise so we do lats and traps, dropping down into a row."
"So, our combination is going to go lat and row."
When you're doing your lats your elbows open wide.
When you're doing your row the elbows brush the rib cage.
If this is too easy for you go up to a red band.
"This is going to add a little bit more resistance, and pull."
If it's still easy for you double up your bands and do both at the same time.
"So, now we've got a really heavy load as we're working through those muscles."
We want to do reps to fatigue on this one.
If you've just started it's going to be about eight to twelve repetitions.
If you've been working out for a while really try to fail those muscle groups.
"So, your goal is to really pull those shoulders back, so we're working deep into your lats."
The lats look like a triangle upside down.
"So, we're trying to get all the way down into the lower portion of your back."
We're even trying to get up into your trap area.
"So, as you're pulling back engage the muscles and then release it."
Sit up really tall and then lean back so that you've got your abs engaged the whole time.
That is how we do our lat pull down into a row combination using the stability ball or a chair or actually standing up and doing this if you don't have anything to sit on.
Either way will work.
Make sure that the band is secure up top.
You're going to take your elbows out and all we're going to do is lean back just a little bit so that we're in our motion so that from your shoulders to your hip are actually at a slant and you're not straight up and down with your body.
And there you have setting your face with translucent loose powder with a powder brush.
"Alright, the next thing you want to do is make yourself more valuable to employers."
"And what I'm talking about is, you know, we've taken a look at, at what you're good at, we've taken a look at what it is that you want to do, we know what's available out there."
Do a workshop.
Get a private tutor.
"Whatever it is, because the job market is so competitive, you really need to be the best."
"And maybe you know, your second language is just pretty good but with a little work it can be really good."
That makes you so much more marketable.
"So increase your value so that you can get the best job, and the best salary for that job."
"Well you want to be the strongest, fastest best candidate for any job that you apply for."
"So, to make you more valuable, what would you need to do?"
Would you need a more advance degree?
Would you need to learn a second language?
Would you need to improve your computer skills?
"Or maybe your typing skills or your written skills, oral skills, whatever it is."
Take the time to make yourself more valuable.
Take a class.
"So guys, now we're going to do some straight crunches."
"So go ahead align yourself on the floor, bring your feet about shoulder width apart, have your feet flat on the ground, interlace your fingers behind your head and try to relax your head into your hands."
I want you to exhale and as you crunch up try to lift your knees up too so that your elbows and knees will touch midway.
"Again, focus on pulling the belly button in towards your spine, bring the elbows up to touch the knees and then all the way back down."
It's really important to come back down to the floor each and every time.
Go for it!
"When you exhale I want you to crunch up, I want you to focus on your heart and move in your ribcage towards your pelvis."
"Don't worry about coming up too high, just work to get your shoulder blades up off the ground and feel that you're engaging your abdominals each and every time."
It's really important for you just to feel that you're engaging your abdominals.
We'll get plenty of work on the abdominals as we progress.
Now after you do your first set let's see about if we can make them a little harder.
Let's raise your legs up to a 90 degree angle on your hip and your knee and keep your feet off the ground and let's do another set of 10 or 15 here.
Once after you finish that let's make them a little harder again.
"Let's put your feet on the ground, squeeze your knees together, your feet together."
"Hi, I'm Jennifer Cail."
I'm just using a generic environmentally friendly one.
"You can use pretty much any type that you want as long as it's nice, gentle and it doesn't have any harsh chemicals which it could edge the stove top if you have ceramic or glass."
I'm going to have some baking soda.
This will help as a mild scrubbing agent in case you have any stubborn cooked on stains that you want to get rid of.
Then last but not least I'm going to have some hot water.
The nice hot water will help dissolve some of the more stubborn cooked on spots on our stove top.
It's all environmentally friendly so let's get started.
Before we start cleaning let's go over our supplies and detail.
First we're going to have a pair of gloves.
"This will help protect your hands and also allow you to use a hotter temperature of water then otherwise, you would be able to with bare hands."
You also need a sponge.
You need a nice soft sponge you don't want anything that is too abrasive.
Otherwise it could scratch the cooking surface or different parts of your stove.
We're going to use a nice all purpose cleaner.
This would be useful when getting out any greasy spots on your stove.
"You know, a trip to the beach, can commonly be associated, with a day of fun and enjoyment. Hi, I'm Captain Joe Bruni, and what I'm going to talk about, is how to avoid bites, from the common sand flea.Common sand fleas will be active during moist, cooler conditions, like after it rains."
"If you're going to the beach, try to plan your trip accordingly, and go during later morning, or later afternoon, when conditions warm up, and sand fleas won't be as active."
"Once at the beach, try to put a space between your body, and the sand, such as sitting in a lawn type of chair, or sitting on some type of towels."
"Sand flea bites commonly occur on the back of the thighs, because this is the common exposed area to the sand, where the sand fleas will come from, to bite the person's legs."
"If sitting on the sand cannot be avoided, or a barrier of space cannot be placed between you and the sand, then wear some type of longer shorts, or swimming type of bathing suit, to avoid bites to the back of the legs, from the sand flea."
Now we have opened the oven.
"I'm going to take the thermometer and I'm going to stick it in between the breast and the thigh, go all the way in."
And the proper temperature is 165 degrees for the stuffing and 185 for the turkey.
So what we are also going to do is Diane likes to cover the parts that are browning at the beginning with foil.
"So we cover, the wings cook earlier and the legs cook a little earlier."
We cover up the legs.
We check them.
"And what we are going to do in this case, since we are going to brown it with a glaze later on, we are going to put a little aluminum foil over the middle of the turkey too, so it doesn't get brown."
"And we will probably take the aluminum foil off on the front on the top of the breast, about a half hour before we start to glaze."
It's turkey sunscreen.
Turkey sunscreen.
Taking the turkey out.
"Ok, so, Diane is now going to put the aluminum foil on the turkey."
And we will take that off probably the last half hour before we put the glaze on.
"And now our wings, our legs and the top of the turkey are protected."
Like sunscreen.
It will be nice moist and humid in there from the chicken broth inside the pan and the vegetable so it won't be dry.
Ok have a nice trip.
And we are going to lower the temperature to 325 degrees.
We are going to roast the turkey for three and a half hours longer.
And we are going to baste it every thirty minutes and we will rotate a few times.
"Until the thermometer inserted in the inner thigh, registers165 degrees."
"We are adding one carrot chopped coarsely, one rib of celery chopped coarsely, one medium onion and we are putting it at the bottom of the pan with the stock."
It's going to soak up the juices.
We are going to be basting the turkey with the stock in the bottom of the pan.
"Hi, I'm Stan DeFreitas, ""Mr. Green Thumb"", for on gardening."
One most import parts of gardening mixes is peralite.
"Remember, 1800 degrees, like popcorn, it's going to be a good mix and a good addition if you want to be a good gardener."
"For On Gardening, I'm Stan DeFreitas, ""Mr. Green Thumb""."
Now peralite is a material it's actually has been exploded at about 1800 degrees.
"When you look at peralite, it's a very air like material, it's like popcorn."
"When it gets exploded at 1800 degrees, there's really nothing there that's going to be detrimental to your plant."
"There's no nematodes, there's no disease, because this material is sterile."
"It also of course lets air flow through your soil, so it's great for starting rooting cuttings, or if you got it in your potting soils."
"You'll notice almost every good gardening mix has got some peralite in it, and there's a reason for it."
"If you want to be a good gardener, you're going to have to think about using peralite just like the pros do."
"This is the reason that most of their cuttings live, because they're often starting off with a very sterile medium."
"I'm Travis Steglich with Steglich Farm Supply Inc. in Bartlett, Texas."
"If you will notice that some of these berries are quite red, others are still green."
The red ones are ready to be planted out.
"As a matter of fact, they just fall off when you touch them and these are the ones that you would plant."
They take quite a while to germinate but the seeds are readily germinateable if you keep them in potting soil and you can grow your own asparagus fern for hanging baskets or foundation planted like this.
For our fifth and final line.
You're going to connect the top of the line you just drew at the top of nail.
"You may have a little bit of polish there, you may not."
"If you do, just kind of clean it up just a little."
Making sure that there's not so much acetone that it causes the entire design to run.
Now that's how you do the heart monitor nail design.
You'll come down at another forty five degree angle and bring another line down.
"This one you can kind of bring off to the end of the nail, or you can draw another horizontal line to the middle edge of the finger, to look like you're getting ready to start another heartbeat line."
"The choice is up to you, on either one that you do, but you want to do this to all ten."
"Don't be worried about exactly how tall the lines go, not everyone's heartbeat is normal."
Not everyone has a strong pulse; some people have a real light one.
"And, again just, you can finish it out by doing another horizontal line coming out to the right hand side of the nail."
That is how you do your fifth; it can be your fifth or your fifth and sixth line in your heart monitor line.
"Once you have it done, again you'll have five or six lines total, you'll want to make sure that the polish wasn't stringy in the striping brush, if you get any on the side of the finger, you can just dip your French manicure brush back in your polish remover and just clean up the sides."
"So moving from the A stance we move into the sumo stance, my favorite stance."
"Feet are wide apart, spine stays tall."
"You can begin with your feet parallel and just kind of sink into it to see how far you can go, see how flexible your base is and as you do this then you may want to, toes go out a little bit and the toes are out plea style, pointed out at an angle, then you have a little more flexibility and you can probably take it down a little lower, a little deeper."
You want to always take it to that place where it is comfortable to come back up.
"Not that, if you're grimacing when you come back up then you know that you have gone down too far so don't take it down as far knowing that as you do this, you will continue to gain flexibility and over time you will be able to take it deeper and find that pleasurable point of it so just really relaxing into it, keeping your spine long, the head relaxed, shoulders relaxed, just like riding a horse, so as you ride the horse, let your head nod yes, that is the sump stance."
"OK, when you have your pattern cut out then we're going to just place it on top of the felt and cut around your pattern."
Now you can sew this by hand.
"I simply do a top stitch all the way around, or you can sew it by machine also making a top stitch all the way around and close to the edge."
"OK, next we're going to cut out the beak and we're going to use some orange felt for the beak and you want to cut a strip about a half inch wide like this and fold it in half, and then round off the top like this."
"OK, so I have a strip of orange felt about a half in wide and I fold it in half and rounded the top and now I'm going to fold it again, and that's the beak, and we're going to place that right where the beak should be up in the head between the two pieces of yellow felt like this."
"And then just secure that with a pin and when you sew your mitt together you're going to sew all the way around with just about an eighth of an inch seam allowance all the way around, top stitching an eighth of an inch around, and you will catch in the beak as you come around."
Talking about how this group that I'm involved with here in Arizona get started.
"It's a community building here in Clarkdale, Arizona."
This has worked quite a bit better for us.
The building isn't as heavily used.
We need to have it not just for when we're performing the play but for rehearsals and building the set and all sorts of things.
The group was originally started before I was here in town by just a few people who wanted to get together and put on some plays.
"Then as you go along, you kind of want things to go up a notch or two."
There's time to do that and we're about where we should be right now.
"They were reforming in a community building over in Cottonwood, the town next door in the old town section of Cottonwood, and they named the group Old Town Players."
They put on 3 productions a year I believe.
"Very small productions, not very many props, not much of a set, but they were well received."
There was really no other live theater here in the Verde Valley.
"Gradually the group got larger and they decided they really should have a board of directors governing things, keeping track of the money, and planning and that sort of thing, so they appointed a board of directors."
The group continued to grow.
Then it became to difficult to schedule the shows in the building they were in so they moved over here to the Clarkdale clubhouse.
"Most of my life has been on the road with artist like Stevie Wonder, Smokey Roberson, Aretha Franklin, Gary Moore, Allan, there is a life time and many more."
So I have been on the road and still is on the road all the time so we are going to talk about tips here that would hopefully make your on the road life a little bit more pleasant.
"Don't leave home with out it a itinerary has a list of places that you are going, the time that your are suppose to be there, the contacts."
"Let's say if you are doing let's say that you took a short trip of ten days like from New York from California so you want on the itinerary should be all of the gigs, what time, they start, what time the sound track is, the contact person, lights, load in time, the hotel your staying at, its phone number and this type of information."
It is absolutely necessary that you have this in your hand and a hard copy and not in your head.
"So guys, the next core exercise that we're going to do is crunches and we're going to start using a stability ball to make the crunches a bit harder, more progressive."
"Grab a ball, lie down on the mat, take your feet and we're going to start with your feet on the ball just like so."
"Touch, down, touch, down, touch, down, touch, down, touch and down."
Go for it!
"We're going to interlace fingers behind your head, exhale, think about your elbows coming up and then right back down."
You'll feel that with your legs on the ball you'll start to engage your lower abdominals.
"So you're going to exhale and then back down, exhale and back down, exhale and back down, exhale and back down."
"Each time pull the belly button in towards your spine, feel nice and tall through the top of your head and then lie back down."
Feel the ribcage is working its way to the thighs and then back down.
Then once after you do a set then we can try a little more progressiveness and we're going to slide the ball away from your body and then we're going to roll the legs in and then back out.
"So roll the legs in and touch and then back out, roll in and out, exhale roll in and out, exhale roll in and out, exhale roll in and out, exhale roll in and out, exhale roll in and out, exhale roll in and out."
"Then once you're done with that if you like to bring your feet down on the ground like we did last week, you do the last set of crunches without the ball."
Alright so paddling out.
The one thing you want to be aware of is just where the surf is breaking.
"But again, just once you're, once you're paddled past that surf break you're kind of in the clear, there's things out there, it's safe and a little easier, but still watch out for the swell."
There might be some swell out there.
"There might be some wind, and if there is wind kind of go towards that, go into it like, when, one rule of diving is that you always swim against the current so you can kind of swim back with it, the same with kayaking."
Go paddle into the wind so you can kind of return with the wind.
It'll make it a lot easier especially when you're tired at the end of it.
You want to make sure to get past that surf as soon as possible.
"If you get caught in there, like when that wave is coming in, you can kind of punch right through it if you're running right into it, otherwise you can kind of turn sideways and you're going to roll in the surf someplace, maybe lose some gear."
So what you've got to do is just paddle like crazy alternating strokes just one at a time.
There's nothing too hard about it.
This paddle here may be a little short for me since I'm a big tall guy.
"This would be about six and a half feet long or so, seven feet."
So you might want to have a little bit longer paddle depending on how tall you are or how short you are.
"So maybe talk to like a kayaking instructor, paddling instructor of some sort and see what they might recommend for your arm length and your size."
To replace the tank we are going to set it right back where it came from and we are going to make sure to line up those bolts holes.
When lining up the bolts you want to make sure to be very careful that you don't scratch the porcelain or crack it in any way.
You would want to wiggle the tank just a little bit to make sure that it has seated properly you would not want it to leak.
"Hi, I'm Stan De Freitas, Mr. Green Thumb."
"You know, if you start most of your house plants you need to have a good Watering Can, and normally you get something like this it's a little bit smaller than some of the watering cans that you've used outside on your vegetable garden area."
"These are ideal if you're using a water-soluble plant food, or if you're using some type of fish emulsion."
Make sure you use it exactly according to those directions with your indoor watering can.
You'll have great results.
"For On Gardening, I'm Stan De Freitas, Mr. Green Thumb."
Something that's easy to work with.
"Maybe it holds maybe a gallon, so it may be half the size of some of the bigger watering cans that you have used outside."
"Make sure when you have one that you do have something that's going to apply to the end, so you can put that gentle stream of water onto your plants."
"And you can see here it's got all the little holes, so we're going to put a nice little rain drop effect on for our little plants inside."
Most of our plants inside really can't take too much water.
"If they get too hard a stream, well they may have a problem, especially true for African Violets, and Aglonemas."
"Some of those plants, if they get too much water in one spot, you'll start to get into some fungal problems."
Make sure you apply this according to label directions when you apply any type of nutrient to your mix.
"The best parts about being a middle school teacher come daily when you meet the students and you get to know them, and get to know the challenges they face and their opportunities for success and their abilities."
"I; one of the things I really have trouble with is that they start so early, I like the staring times better of the Elementary schools."
"Another thing that I really have difficulty with is trying to monitor all the cell phones and iPods, and trying to put up with that and the students and their little arguments back and forth between each other; it's just part of the age of middle school."
"Also sometimes we deal as a teacher with outdated computers in our classroom; outdated materials and books, and; and sometimes we do have some difficulty getting the supplies that we need."
"This particular color that we chose for Myra's hair, actually requires a heat process."
"So, in this process I need to clip the hair off of her neck."
"She actually processes for ten minutes. Set my timer. And, this particular color process requires heat. So, we're going to put Myra under the heat for ten minutes."
"And, as soon as her processing time is over I don't need to do a test strand on this whatsoever."
"When you're applying color, you just follow the direction."
"And, process it as the directions explain for you to do."
I'm going to cover her neck with a towel.
"So, we don't get hair color all over her skin."
We're actually going to cover her with a plastic cap.
"Making sure that the hair is covered, but not the skin."
"Because, remember every place that hair color touches it's going to stain the skin."
"So, we don't want any extra stained skin."
"So, we've covered her with a plastic bag."
We're going to set a timer.
"Hi, I'm Priscilla Flynn, speaking to you today from Yoga Sanctuary in Windham, New Hampshire and you can read more about us on our website, yogasanctuary.com."
"This clip is going to be about Trikonasana, which is the Sanskrit word for Triangle Pose."
"And Triangle Pose is a great posture to strengthen your legs, to lengthen your spine on either side, it's a two sided posture, a standing posture and it comes nicely after Warrior I, Warrior II and Lateral Angle."
They all help to warm up for that pose.
So you might want to go back and look at those in preparation for Trikonasana.
"Triangle, your body will be making lots of triangles when you come in to the pose."
"So it's good as you come in to the pose, to know all the different stretches, to be aware of the places where your body is stretching, along the side body, the legs, the arms, the neck, the whole spine."
The fabulous pose.
What we want to talk about now is setting up the block for a return.
"If it's that situation, it will look like this (video demo)."
They'll be going all out to try to get to the kicker.
Now we'll be blocking a little different because we're going to be blocking for the return.
If we're going to block for the return we want this guy to get a good punch on me and then we want him to sprint back and turn and find the blockers and set up for the return.
It will look something like this (video demo).
"They'll sprint back, they'll turn around and find their defender and then come up and make the block."
"The most important thing is to get a good hit at the beginning and then sprint back where their return man is, turn around and go find your blockers and help him out as much as possible."
That's how you set up the block for the return.
We have a couple of linemen here to show a couple of different things we can do with a return.
"First of all, it starts with the stance (video demo)."
These guys will get in a good three point stance to be ready to go across the line.
There are a couple of things we can do.
"One, we can have these guys rush the kicker."
If we know that they have a bad snapper or a slow kicker we might try to get there and block the kick.
If we have that on we're not so worried about our return as we are getting in there to block the kick.
"If we do that, you can see that their inside arms, which are the inside arms to the ball, they will be able to rip through with those, explode out and they're going to go get the ball."
We're going to have another great Superbowl folks.
"The crew, my camera girl said just don't eat any cause I want to get my final shot and I'm telling you, we're all waiting to dig in."
These are just that good.
The fresh pepper and the parsley make it.
"Don't worry about the cold of the, you know, that's just going to make it that much better."
What you might want to do now is just drizzle a little bit of olive oil.
A little drizzle of olive oil over the whole top.
"Very easy, not too much."
And that's it man.
"Here's a little, nice little bite size focaccia wedges."
"To top off, I'm just going to use my little dried marjoram."
Going to go over the top.
Gives it a nice little flavor.
"Real nice Italian, also looks good for our garnish."
And I also have our fresh basil and our peppers that I'm just going to go over just a little bit with the freshness of this.
"Alright, we're back."
This is the final product.
"So forward, forward, nice and fluid and back."
The second phase is both feet together on one corner.
"Saw them across center, saw them across front then across the front, other side, then back to center, then back and across."
"So again, it?s one, two, three, four, five, six."
Then the last phase is one leg at a time.
I'm going to start with my right.
"One, two, across the top, back to center and then switch the feet."
"One, two, three and now Jonesy's going to take the whole entire routine and do it full speed for you."
So Jonesy's going to take it full speed here.
"What we're trying to do is we're trying to balance working as fast as we can with accuracy, ok?"
"So Jonesy, whenever you're ready."
"He's going to take it both feet first, he's working as fast as he can and as accurate as he can."
"We do it three times with that phase, then we'll move on to the next phase."
We'll work that three times through.
"Again, still working as fast as you can, but as accurate as you can."
"Then once you're done with three times that way, then we're going to bring it over to the one foot and again, working as fast as you can as accurate as you can too."
Then switch feet.
Three times through for each foot.
And we're going to go through three phases of this drill that's going to warm up your body and also work on your coordination and agility.
I'll take it through half speed first and then my partner Jonesy is going to take it full speed through so you really get an idea of the intensity and how the warm-up should be applied before the workout.
So the first phase is bilateral using two legs at the same time.
"Start on the side, the far side of the rectangle."
"Jump at the same time to the center, land on your toes, jump further across, land on your toes, then return back to center."
Return back across.
"My name is Shawn Connolly and I'm from San Fransisco, California, and I run a program called the SF Skate Club, which teaches kids how to skate."
"Now, what I'm explaining to you today is a backside 180 ollie."
"At first you're going to notice that you may end up pivoting with your front wheels, and with your foot on the nose to get yourself all the way around."
"Now, that's usually how you learn how to do it, but eventually you're going to want to ollie, 180 and land with out pivoting, and land continue rolling fakie."
"Now, with the backside 180 ollie, what makes it different from the front side 180 ollie is that you're going in a direction that you can't see."
"So, you're heading around and you can't see which way you're going."
"So after you land, you're going to want to turn yourself back around, and look in the direction that you're headed, rolling fakie."
"My name is Shawn Connolly and I live in San Fransisco, California, and I run a skateboard program for kids called the SF Skate Club."
You can find out more about it at sfskateclub.com.
Backside 180 ollie's shouldn't be tried until you learn how to do your straight ollie's very well.
And you also need to know how to roll backwards just a little bit to be able to do this trick well.
"Now, you set up pretty much the same as you do for an ollie, with your foot planted on the tail, because with your toe directly on the tail to get as much pop as possible, and you're front foot is going to be right in the middle of the board, so that you're able to get a lot of pop and nice control."
"Now, after that, the rest of the backside 180 ollie relies on you following through with your body and your shoulders."
"Basically, the upper body tells the lower body what to do and how to get over to it."
"So you build up the momentum with your shoulders, and you spin around in the air after you've hit your ollie."
"Now, you're going to want your body to be well beyond the 180 position before you even get the tail on the ground, and this is going to help you get all the way around."
"Now, you will hit your tail, follow through with the shoulders, and pop your back wheels off the ground and all the way around."
"The most important thing before you paint on anything especially metal is to wipe it down with some sort of degreaser, precleaner that is what I'm going to do right here."
Usually you have the wet rag with some kind of solvent on it.
"You rub that down pretty good, then you take your dry rag, rub over that, that would pick up the solvent and any degrease and residue that is left on it."
Don't forget to wash you hands to.
Stay tune for our next segment.
Of course there are many different washes to jeans and right now I have on something in the middle right.
It's kind of like a medium wash and it's faded at the top which I love because it matches everything.
She rolled the bottom of her jeans.
What I'm going to have Patricia do is get her bottoms reattached so she doesn't have to roll them and then she'll have the original hem as well.
"So she has the gray, I have the medium and then I'm going to show you the dark wash."
These are the dark wash. Now these are like the newest fad because everybody right now is wearing the dark jeans and these are called skinny jeans which I will model for you later.
We are not going to get into the skinny right now.
But the wash is what you need to look at because the dark goes with a lot of dark colors.
"Now my favorite outfit is actually the dark wash with a white tank top and gold jewelry, that's my favorite outfit."
That's just like a hot outfit.
And you can pair it with Patricia's Brazilian boots.
"So whether you go dark, light or medium there are fades for everybody, there are washes for everybody out there, just make sure you have a couple of different washes so you can mix up the shirts that go with them."
It's a typical jean color.
"Now you can have dark, you can have light, you can have medium."
Now Patricia over here has on gray jeans.
Now these are great because these go with a lot of sweaters I think.
"You know you can do sweaters, you can do blazers like she has on right now."
And now gray is actually the new black.
Everybody is wearing gray lately.
And see now Patricia if you lift up your leg Patricia.
"My name is Christine Marquette, and I'm a registered dietitian, and I'm going to talk to you about how reliable are food sensitivity tests."
"There are actually several different food sensitivity tests out on the market these days, and it really depends on the pathway that they're testing."
"The last pathway, type four, still immune-mediated, but it doesn't use antibodies."
"It doesn't use IgG, IgM -- none of that."
It actually is T-cell mediated.
"So what that means is when you have a food that's ingested and your body reacts badly to it, it will release...your T-cells will cause it to release a lot of different mediators -- things like histamine, cytokines, leukotrienes -- things like that that cause inflammation."
"So it is still involving your immune system, but it isn't involving those IgG or E or A or M antibodies."
So the food testing how reliable it is depends on what pathway that it's testing.
"Most of the food sensitivity tests that use IgG are not necessarily very reliable for food sensitivity because of the fact that IgG can either be protective or it can be pathogenic, meaning negative."
"And if that's the case, you don't really necessarily know if a high level of IgG is detected."
Is it really bad or is it good?
Your body could actually be protecting itself rather than actually having a bad reaction.
"For example, with your immune system, there are typically four recognized immune pathways."
So it's not very reliable in determining your sensitivity to a particular food.
"Other sensitivity tests that actually just measure mediated release or they measure how much histamine is in your blood, that one is going to be a lot more accurate because it's an end-point test."
"It's actually seeing what's happened, what's...you know, is there inflammation that's being caused?"
"It can detect those types of things, so the end-point tests are much more accurate as far as sensitivity tests go."
"Type one is what's referred to as IgE, or Immunoglobulin E antibody-mediated response, and in that one, it's actually a true food allergy."
"When IgE antibodies are released in response to your particular food, you react almost immediately with things like hives, swelling, difficulty breathing."
That's one pathway.
"The second pathway is also antibody-mediated, but rather than IgE, it could be a different antibody -- IgM, IgA, something like that."
"Type three is a delayed sensitivity reaction, so it's not immediate in the sense that allergy is."
"This one could take hours to days for it to show up, and it's a different pathway using different antibodies."
This one uses IgG antibodies.
"OK, what we're getting ready to do now is to start our first braid."
"And just like and French braid, you're going to grab a piece of hair, only this time it's a much smaller amount because we're working with less hair, and you're going to divide it up in three's."
"And when it comes to any type of stylized braiding, generally we do an out braid, so we're going to go under and go under, and I'm going to go under one more time."
I like to leave it with a good start so I can get a good hold on it.
"Get all the hair out the way, just grab anther little piece and add it there and go underneath."
"Now, when it comes to these smaller braids you really want to make sure you've got a good grip on it to keep your braid in line."
"Go ahead and grab that piece and go under, and try to keep your strand separate."
With longer hair it takes a bit more work because you're really got a bit further way to stretch to separate your hair all the way out.
"OK, and just keep running your fingers through the hair to keep it untangled, and you'll just keep adding hair to it as we move along down the braid."
"Just continue alternating sides, adding hair and crossing underneath until we get all the way to the bottom."
"As you can see, the stance for a man is a different position."
"They don't pull the feet in like the women, they leave the basic open, so that first position is an open position, again the toes are diagonal, not pointing straight ahead but with about a foot of distance between each other."
Keep their legs inside the legs of their chair.
The knees are open and the hands just rest on the thigh.
"As you can see, they don't need to bring them to the side, that's more feminine."
"So I'd like for the men just to be relaxed with their perfect posture, and rest their hands on the top of the thighs of their legs."
"So now that you've seen how a man should sit into a chair just a little bit different than how ladies do, they don't keep their knees together, they can keep them apart, about a foot apart."
"They let their hands just rest on their thighs and by still attaining perfect posture, keeping the shoulders down, slightly back but relaxed and the stomach muscles in, again, when you're sitting keep your stomach muscles in so that your chest expands and you feel relaxed and comfortable."
This is exactly what men should do before they begin to get up.
"But as they get up, keep in mind it's not one movement."
"You want to gently slide to the edge of your hair and then with a straight back, use just the knees to pop you back up out of the chair in order to move on or walk away."
"You're able to hit first position, or what we like to call basic in modeling."
What I'd like to do from this position is show the men how they can go ahead and sit down in a professional way.
"The best thing for them to do is move into their chair where their leg also touches the seat of the chair and as they go down, they do not have to worry about their knees touching."
"So as they sit down, again keeping perfect posture, they use their hands to guide them to the edge of their seat, not worrying about their knees being together, and they move into the middle of the chair, keeping or adjusting if you'd like to say, the basic stance for a man."
It's the same sitting as it is standing.
"One thing that's really important for men to remember while they're sitting, is that their legs stay positioned inside the legs of the chair."
"Whatever chair they choose to sit in, that's the amount of space that they should use."
"It's etiquette, it's professional and that's the amount of space that they should use for their chair."
I'm going to discuss the loop in 2 parts.
The first part to the loop is the initiation of it.
"Once my boat gets in the water deeply, I'm going to lean back, reach up to the sky, and try and get as much lift as I can."
"The initiation of the loop is entering your boat into the hole, trying to pop your boat up into the air as much as possible."
The placement of your initiation is really important.
I want to initiate my bow right here.
Right there is the seam between the green water and the foam.
"If I can get my bow there, it's going to get a nice pop up into the air."
I don't want to initiate farther upstream into that area.
"If I hit the green water more, I'm more likely to get rejected back."
"Once my bow goes into the seam, I'm going to throw my weight forward hard in order to push the boat into the water deeply."
"Today we're making cookie rounds, a wonderful holiday treat."
We're just going to simply roll the cookie around the spoon.
And then set it aside for just a few seconds to let it take to that shape.
And that's why you want two or three of these so you don't have to wait around.
"And again, flop it over and simply roll, and its ok, you're going to get chocolate over the paper, that's why I did that, and there's no real good way to do that."
Now this one's already starting to crack and harden around the edges so we may have to put these cookies back in the oven for a few more seconds.
Back in the oven for a few seconds.
This is the one we just did.
"We'll take the spoon out, go get our cookies, and there we have it."
Let those cool and we'll arrange them nicely.
Share these with a friend and a cup of hot coffee.
"Now that we have our wooden spoons and we've lightly oiled them, it's time to take our cookies and wrap them, or roll them rather, around our wooden spoons until they set and then put them on a wire rack."
"While they're in there for a few seconds, go ahead and take another piece of wax paper and place it here."
This is where we'll work our cookies.
You'll also want your cooling rack.
"Grab your cookies, grab your wooden spoon."
"And you'll want to work, not right on the edge because the spoon gets too heavy so, but, where you can roll it."
"So, grab a cookie and you can usually grab it without the spatula, if it sticks a little bit just go ahead and get your little metal spatula a loosen it again."
We're just going to get that in the picture.
Hi I'm Amelia and I'm going to show you how to use a hot hair styling brush to curl your hair.
These are great because what they do is they bring a brush and a blow dryer and put it into one unit.
You can continue to do this around your head and this will give you a great volume and body without having to use a brush and a blow dryer at the same time.
And this is how you use your hot hair curl dryer.
So it's a lot easier for you to use at home.
"Basically what you are going to do is make sure you've got some styling product on your hair, your hair is not necessarily have to be completely wet, it can just be slightly damp like the model."
"You want to turn it on, and really let it heat up, and you see how I'm twisting it the same way that your designer would in the salon."
Except they would be using a brush and a drier.
So you only use one hand instead of two.
And you really want that strand to heat up and dry.
You can also put it on low if you feel like that gives you a little bit more control.
And remove it off of the hot hair dryer and there you've got your curl.
"So, before we start practicing letters we need to establish the size of the letters."
"And, as I mentioned in the very beginning, uncial hand has a particular proportion."
"The proportion is what determines the shape and width of the letters, and for uncial hand we're going to describe the size of the letters, or the height of the letters, in terms of the tool that we're writing with."
That's called pen scale.
"And, if I make four or four and a half of the largest strokes that I can with this pen, it's going to give me a interval."
"And, into that interval, is where I'm going to fit the letters."
So we say that uncial hand is about three and a half to four pen widths in height.
"So, if we count these, one, two, three, four pen widths, I'm working at a four pen width scale."
"Now, conveniently, because my pen is an eighth of an inch, this is going to equal to a half inch in height for these letters."
One of the traditional origami pieces is the lily.
And my name is Robert Segundo and today I'm going to teach you how to do this.
"Squash fold it like so, and now after all your sides are folded what you're going to do is basically going to rabbit ear these sections by taking and folding the bottom corners in to your center line, then opening back up and folding up like so all the way 'til you form this diamond shape here."
What you're going to do is you're going to basically do that on all sides.
Just going to go ahead and use my pre-creases to go ahead and do that real quickly.
There we go.
"And once you've done that you just take and fold all your legs down, like so."
"Open it up here, where is it, there it is."
Hold it down like so.
Hold it down like so.
"Then we're going to do is this is your open end up here, so what we're going to do is at your closed end, with the bottom here, we're just going to take and we're going to fold each of these petal corners over to the center like so."
"So, do it on all four sides, turn it up, all four sides."
"What I'm going to do is I'm just going to unfold this guy here, and this already good and pre-creased."
Like so.
"Now that all of these are folded like this you're just going to take your petal, that's what this is right here, you're going to fold it all the way down where you leave those guys sticking up like that, flip it over."
Do it on all four sides.
"Then basically after it's done all you got to do is release your petals, then you open all four of them up, your water lily just takes shape all on its own."
"Well, not really a water lily, but just your lily."
"There you have it, your simple lily."
"Play around with the origami, have fun and enjoy."
And make it easy and we can run through this real quick.
"So what we're going to do is we're really going to start off with the traditional water bomb base, and if you really don't know how to do that, there's other videos that I have out that you can go and look and it's going to look basically look like this."
"And then from there what you're going to do is you're going to take the legs of your water bomb base, you're going to open it, and squash fold it like so."
And you're going to do that to all four sides.
Oops.
There you go.
"Just open this up, and this, squash fold it, open it back."
"So, next thing you're going to do now that we've evened out her skin tone and gave her the appropriate coverage with the concealer and foundation, is we're going to use a really soft, pale, peachy blush to give her a nice, natural pop of color on her cheeks."
"I'm going to use a contoured brush, which has more of an angle to it, so it makes it really easy to get in their and contour the cheek bone."
"So, I'm just going to take a little bit of this and have her smile for me; you see the apple of the cheek, which is the area right there that you get when you smile, that's where you want to concentrate most of your color and then you can sweep it really lightly up the cheek bone."
"But most of your color should be concentrated right to the apple of the cheek because that's where you would naturally flush anyway; when you naturally flush, you get that nice little pop of color right there on the apple of the cheek."
"You don't necessarily flush all the way up into your hairline, so, just concentrate most of the color right there on the apple (turn and face me a little bit.)."
"So, again we're concentrating most of the color to the apple of the cheek and just lightly going up the cheek bone."
"When you have an angled brush like this, it just makes it really easy to just to kind of glide right up that cheek bone, so you can get a nice, natural contour."
"You can see just doing it that way gives her a just a natural look of color; just looks like she was naturally maybe out for a run or did a little bit of exercise, so she has a just a nice, natural color right on the apples of the cheek, it's not to heavy, it's not to dark and this is what you would want for a really nice, natural daytime look."
So that's how you would want to apply some blush in a peachy tone for a natural daytime look.
Hooping takes a lot of room.
"If you have stuff around you when you're hooping, there's a really good chance that you're going to break something."
"Make sure that you clear a space and it's nice and comfortable with room for you to hoop around your waist, as well as taking it up and over your head."
"The last thing we recommend, after you try a move, go ahead and put on your favorite song and rock out."
Music inspires fun and creativity.
"Alright, let's do it."
You're also going to want some comfortable yoga type clothes.
"Tank tops are great because sometimes the hoop can get a little bit slippery, so tank tops are awesome."
Definitely.
You need to clear a space.
Next we're going to talk about maintenance.
Maintenance for all the different dread types is different.
"We could, for maintenance for a comb twist is going to be a lot more because a comb twist is basically using gel and creating coils with your hair."
"So, to maintain, that's going to come out pretty quick."
"You're going to lay on it, you might get it wet, whatever."
"Even if you try and really keep it tied down, you have to have a comb twist done within two weeks."
"Because, first of all, you want your scalp cleaned within that time, and second of all, it's going to be messed up."
The next thing that we are going to talk about is car seats and the how to with those.
What we have here is a Graco 5.0 harness car seat.
We had the Graco infant car seat which was wonderful and we just decided to do the toddler car seat with Graco as well.
"Hi, in this segment we're going to talk about a bash."
"And, the way I do bashes is because I'm right handed, I use the counterclockwise spin to do a bash."
The fat part of your hand so it doesn't hurt.
"If you go and hit it with your fingers, it's going to give you a little bit of pain, and it won't put as much spin on it."
"So here, around the outside, and really try to crank that spin up."
One more time.
"Here, bash."
"Now, a bash is different than a brush because you're actually hitting it a lot harder, and a bash is really intended to put to a lot more spin on the Frisbee."
"So, if the Frisbee is going counterclockwise position, and it's here, you strike it right on the side. So you're basically coming on, you're going to cup your hand a little bit."
"A lot of people think you're hitting it from this side, but you're not."
"You're actually hitting it from the far side, hitting it on the edge and really trying to put more spin on it."
"So there's the counter spin, the set up, the bash, the set, the bash, the tip, bash, bash, and it increases the spin."
"Again, you want to hit it with the palm."
The meaty part.
"After you've learned your all girl stunts, it's really fun to move into partner stunts."
You can hold wherever you feel comfortable and wherever your partner feels comfortable.
Don't go too high up because your grip's not going to be as good.
"And really make sure you've got a firm grip with your thumb in the back, your forefingers in the front."
"Now, the way you get into a stunt, the back partner which will be the male is in charge, and he's going to do the same call that we always do to get into a stunt, which is ready, one two."
Now you guys both need to be on the same page here.
"As the flier, and the female, you are going to dip on his ready, one two."
"So you're going to go down, bend at the knees and really push yourself up off of his arms."
"It's half your job to get in the air, half his job."
"So don't slack off, nobody's going to want to stunt with you. Make sure you jump. It's really important. Don't just let the guy take you; you really need to push yourself off the ground."
"Now a partner stunt group is going to consist of a male, a female and a spotter who can be either sex as long as they're tall enough to catch where the bases height is."
That's half the momentum.
"Now men, the most important thing you need to remember as you're holding your partner's waist, ready, one two, don't bend forward and lift her up with your back, because she's not going anywhere."
"So now that we've got our two people that we need involved, you really need to learn how to do your job."
"Girls, your legs are going to be burning, guys; your arms are going to be burning."
It's a really good drill.
Now two of the most basic partner stunts are a chair sit.
"Now for a chair sit, we're going to start with our basic toss."
"Females, your position is going to look like this: sitting."
"Now males, you're going to be holding the girls, bottom ankle, this is kind of like your steering shift."
"Now if you're a female, you're going to be a flier."
"And this hand is going to be underneath her bottom like this, one side."
"So you're going to have a hand her, you're going to have the other hand here."
"Girls, it's really your job to sit back into the guy's hand."
Get comfortable.
"Guys, it's really important when she hits that peak, you've got to get this hand under cause she's going to fall on it."
Keep your arm stiff.
Make sure you can hold her up.
"The next stunt we're going to do is toss hands, similar to an all girl stunt, but you need to throw her up there."
"So basically we're going to go from here, do our toss, you need to complete, all the way up to the ceiling even though we're only going to catch her right here."
It's really important for momentum.
"For the stance, you and your partner are going to be about a foot away with the male in the back."
"Girls, you need to keep your eyes forward, and basically you can't see where your feet are going to land."
The most important thing is just to jump.
"Though guys, you really have to catch her feet."
"If they're out a little further, pull them in and you're going to rest them right her by your shoulders."
"Females, your arms are going to go behind you, grasping like this onto your partner's wrists."
Now males you're going to have your stance in the back.
And you're going to be holding your partner's waist.
Now this is really important to do.
Hi this is Aaron Hale with Fitness For Life and I'm here to talk to you about the proper way to use a treadmill.
The first things first when approaching the treadmill we want to make sure the treadmill is not running.
You want to make sure that you have your seatbelt on before you begin to drive.
The same principle applies when using the treadmill.
"Make sure that you have your safety clip attached somewhere very securely, either to a piece of clothing, to your person and then begin working and doing your work on the treadmill."
Try not to push yourself too hard.
Everybody should kind of be aware of what their limits are as far as walking or running or doing any sort of interval work.
Mind your limits.
Try not to push them.
We always want to push our limits but we don't want to go past what our capabilities are so that is another safety aspect that we really need to take into consideration.
Push your limits but also know them and respect them.
This is Aaron Hale at Fitness For Life.
We don't want to step on to a treadmill that somebody has left running and hasn't had the safety clip on or it's still on.
Thank you for joining us.
Once we have gotten to the treadmill we are ready to work.
Just step on to the treadmill go ahead and there should be a quick start or some sort of start button that will inform you how to get started on the treadmill.
"Most treadmills come with speed control so you can dictate the speed and the pace at which you are walking, running and doing other sort of work in."
Also a lot of treadmills nowadays come with pre-programs if you do want to do a program or something like that a lot of these treadmills nowadays have a lot of preset programs and you can find those anywhere on the display.
The main thing with a treadmill is to always make sure that you are using the safety clip.
Any treadmill should come equipped with one.
"Make sure that when you do, before you get on to the treadmill, it is just like getting into your car."
This next position is often referred to as alligator.
We're going to be moving down to our back.
"Deep breath in and exhale, both legs go slowly over to the left side, keeping the right hip on the floor."
"You can look to the right side, if it helps you keep the right shoulder on the floor."
"Inhale, just exhale, relax."
"Deep breath in and exhale and again, using your breath and your obliques and you can use the opposite hand to assist, bringing both legs back to center."
And that's your alligator.
"You can bring the knees into the chest, wrapping your hands around your legs."
Just relax and loosen the spine and feel the effects of the pose.
"So, from a seated position, you're just going to swing your legs over and we're going to gently, one leg at a time, lie yourself down and you can place your hands, under your leg, if you'd like."
"Just rolling all the way down, nice and gently."
"We're going to take the arms out, to your side, palms up, perpendicular to your body."
"Both legs are going to come up, toward the ceiling, and we're going to take a deep breath."
"Inhale and as you exhale, slowly taking both legs over to the right and if you'd like to help keep the left shoulder on the floor, you can look to the left side or else you can just keep your head to the center."
"Just taking deep breaths as you hold this pose, trying to keep your feet close to your hand or wrist."
"Inhaling, exhaling and trying to press that left hip, close to the floor and then you're going to use your breath and your obliques, exhale slowly, bring both legs back to center."
Then repeat the same thing on the other side.
"So in our view today, we have covered which nutrients are appropriate for energy metabolism."
"We talked about protein, carbohydrates and fats being the main energy source that are main nutrients for energy metabolism."
"We talked about the supporting nutrients of the vitamins and minerals that help support to metabolize the protein, carbohydrates and fats for energy."
"We also talked about some of the sources, the food guide pyramid and getting a variety of foods in our food guide pyramid."
"We will give you all the nutrients that you need for that energy metabolism, we talked about how you can determine the amounts that you need of all of those nutrients."
We touched on supplements and we talked about the benefits of getting a proper diet for your energy metabolism.
Now remember that these segments are really for informational purposes if you are having any complications with your energy or you feel that your energy metabolism is really low.
It's best that you consult a dietitian or you can contact me on my website www.lifestillnutrition .com or please consult your physician.
"Generally, I'm a fan of just going ahead and getting the adult-sized cage right away."
"That way you've got it, you're ready for it, and you don't have to worry about buying it later down the road."
Never expect to be in money later on to be able to afford that.
"If you can't afford the cage now, don't get the snake."
A 15 gallon is the absolute smallest I would go.
"A spotted python is only going to reach 3 to 4 feet long, they don't get large by any stretch of the imagination, so they're a nice small snake."
"An enclosure this size would be just fine, though a 20 long, which would be just a little bit longer than this guy, would probably be just a little bit better for an adult."
"So, you know, if you have that at your access, at your pet store or whatever, you might want to go ahead and buy the 20 long right off the bat and just get it done and over with."
Okay now I am going to show you the materials that you need to assemble to make this project.
"And you need four millimeter, five millimeter crystals depending on, the size is really a question of taste."
These happen to Austrian crystals.
You can use Swarovski crystals and I would say the color of the crystal depends on the color combination you are going to chose for you necklace.
You need four jump rings.
"Smallest jump rings, these are about eight millimeters."
"And four rounded head pins and you need of course Swarovski crystals, the size is known as twenty-four PP."
"And if you see, these crystals are going to be inserted in these little holes here and the one in the middle is actually a little bit bigger."
"So if you really want to be exact, this is an eighteen PP hole but the twenty-four does fit in it, it's just a little bit smaller."
And you need and antique cooper lobster clasp.
And once you have got all of these products assembled then you are ready to begin.
It's probably the most complicated part of it because you need quite a few different things.
"In addition to the wire cutters that you need for cutting the chain, you need two pairs of flat nose pliers and a pair of needle nose pliers, in order to work with the necklace."
"You will need special glue called Strass 244, which is for glueing on the crystals."
And it's advisable to have a Q-Tip at your disposal and a little bit of water.
You need a sixteenth centimeters of antique cooper chain.
"It's a small chain, it's not too bulky."
"You could use, that's about four inches, obviously this depends on how long you wish to wear your necklace, so you could start with it a little bit longer then cut it shorter at the end."
"You cut chain, chain is sold in long spools and you cut it using a pair of wire cutters."
"Never cut chain with scissors because it breaks the scissors, that's by the way."
And then you need three flower pieces which are with the holes that you embellish.
You can get these from specialized jewelry stores.
"All right, the drink we're about to make is called Lager &amp; Lime."
"Now, this is going to be very difficult to remember, so try to keep up."
"We're going to start off with our lager, and go ahead and pour twelve ounces of beer into a glass."
"You probably want to do a frosted glass, if you have it available,and you're going to want to stick with the lager beer, or at least a pretty light beer, when you do this, so we've got twelve ounces of lager,and now, we are going to add two ounces of lime juice."
"Lager and Lime, what do you know?"
"so let's go ahead and squeeze in two ounces, and obviously, you can do more or less, depending on how much you like the taste of lime in your beer."
"There we go.Go ahead and pour that in, and let's give it a little mix. That should do it, and you're not going to want to let this drink sit around for very long, because the lime juice will actually separate, after a little while, and go ahead and give it a, well, let's set it up here."
"Give it a lime, and you've got a nice summer beer to enjoy."
Bottoms up.
And we're going to go over another upper body stretch while you are on the ground.
And that's another lat stretch.
So we just did the cat stretch and now we're going to do a variation of that stretch getting more of the lats.
And the lats are the wings on the side of your body.
"Alright, so getting on your, you?re on your knees, both knees, both hands, you're like in the, good solid sturdy position."
"Now if I'm going to stretch out my right lat, I'm going to drop, I'm going to bring my left shoulder closer to my left hip, while trying to bring my right shoulder further away from my right hip, therefore really increasing the distance between these two points."
That and at the same time I'm going to be twisting my hips to even greater the distance away from my hip to my shoulder.
"So by doing that I'm really going to feel that stretch in the lower lat all the way up to the upper part of my lats, or the wings on the side of my body."
So the stretch will look like this.
"And you can do that on the, on the other side as well too."
Let's look at what's involved in a tune-up.
Say you've done all the little things you can to your bike and it's time seek some professional help in the bike store.
"Our tune-ups here range anywhere from forty-nine dollars to about eighty dollars, depending on the services you need."
"Basically, what's involved is a complete check through of the bike."
"Basically, any tune-up will involve a wipe down of the bike, a clean of all the surfaces, checking critical bolts, checking your wheels if they are straight, checking your shifting if that is correct in the front and the rear as well as your braking."
"Checking your bearing surfaces as well, making sure there is no play in there, no looseness, everything is snug and correct."
Then test riding the bike.
"Making sure that If it works on the stand, that it works on the street with someone on the bike too."
"Tune-up, pretty much is the total run through of a bicycle, to make sure it is correct from head to toe."
"So if you need professional help, get a tune-up in any of our bike stores."
Side Flexion With Your Arms Overhead.
"It's another exercise that's great for your middle area, for your obliques and your back extensors."
Now notice how my head is going with the wrist of the spine.
You want to make sure that you don't just take the arms or let it all slump like this.
You want to make sure you keep your chest up and keep the head going with the rest of the spine.
"You may want to look in the mirror and see your alignment, make sure that you are in total, in full alignment."
Or pay attention to your body.
"Sometimes when you do this, if you're not doing it correctly, your back will let you know, it will hurt, or something will start bothering you."
"That means that the body is letting you know that something is not right. So again, just keeping the arms overhead, shoulders down, inhale, exhale."
Do a feel.
"Don't forget to keep the tuck, the minute you let the tuck, this is what's going to happen, not good for the back, so keep it right here."
"When you start in your standing position, you want to make sure that you tuck your hips in, so your back is straight."
"Do same number on each side and you're ready to go, bikini time."
See you soon.
"Make sure that if you're not sure of what to do or if your back bothers you a little bit, make sure somebody watches your form because sometimes people tend to do this and you see how my shoulders are behind my hips."
That's going to hurt your back.
"It's not a push forward, it's a tuck."
"So, that's something to remember."
"Now, your feet are going to be underneath hips, your knees are slightly bent, you keep that tucked back in your tummy, meaning take your belly button in, your arms are going overhead."
"Be careful not to let the shoulders come up, so you really have to keep them down, pressing with the back muscles."
"As you go down to the Side Flex, you're going to take an inhale, and when you come up you exhale."
In this clip I'm going to be doing a half arc up and over with the inflatable ball.
"Now what we're going to do is extend one leg, keeping the other one with the knee bent."
Now this is the basic and your back is on an angle.
"For more of a challenge, you can lift that leg up slightly and let it down, lift and lower, lift and lower or you can maintain and lower."
Now I would suggest doing 3 sets of 10 on each side.
Now what we're going to do is we're going to take our ball and we're going to bring it across the body and back.
Now I'm leaning at a slight angle.
"If you have back issues you can sit up a little bit straighter, keep a nice long spine."
Reach across and I take it back.
"You are going to try to keep those shoulders nice and relaxed, take it across and back."
"Now if that is a little bit too easy for you, you can lift that leg slightly and just take it up and over and bring it back down in between, up and over."
Now for an increased challenge you can keep the leg elevated the whole time.
You are really going to feel a burn in the quad and you will also feel a little bit in the shoulder and the oblique.
The next thing to think about when you structure your training program is weekly training.
And what you do on a week-to-week basis will vary on a number of factors.
We'll detail all of those as we continue.
"In swimming, you should have some days where you emphasize technique, you can have another day when you emphasize technique but adds a time travel and have another day that is higher intensity intervals."
"On the run, you need to run at least three days a week and perhaps as many as five days a week."
"The running should also have a technique or in a day with some drills and some easy running and some strides, there should be some endurance work and then progressing up the intensity ladder, there's lactate threshold work and VO2 max work and tempo runs and speed work."
"Hi, my name is Windy St. George, and this is how to play twenty questions. Twenty questions is a simple parlor game that you can use to pass the time."
No.
Is it a carnivore?
Yes.
Does it say meow?
No.
Is it kept as a pet normally?
No.
"Okay, is it ever kept as a pet?"
No.
Is it found in a circus?
You don't need any props.
No.
Is it found in a zoo?
Yes.
We're supposed to be counting questions.
"You're supposed to count until twenty, yeah."
When you play twenty questions there are typical questions that you ask that'll help you narrow down quickly what the item is.
"Usually, is it an animal, a vegetable, or a mineral, or an idea, and you have to get a yes or no for each one of those."
Once you narrow that down you ask about its size.
"Usually is it bigger than a breadbox, and so forth until you've got a rough idea of the size."
For animals you should ask what does it eat?
"One person thinks of a, of an object or an item that they're thinking of, and the other person gets twenty questions to guess what it would be."
"Is it a vegetarian or a meat eater, if it flies or if it swims, and general questions like this; if it has fur, if it's warm blooded or cold blooded will help you narrow down until you can, hopefully, guess what the object is before your twenty questions are up."
And that's how you play twenty questions.
"So, why don't you think of something, okay."
"Okay, you usually start off by asking general questions that'll help you narrow it down."
"Is it; you can only ask yes or no questions, very important."
Is it an animal?
Yes.
"Okay, is it bigger than a breadbox?"
"Now we've got our slab prepared, we want to cut it into the shape we're looking for."
"So I'm going to have just a nice clean line, just clean up that edge a little bit."
And of course you can use a form if you need to help keep that line straight.
I'm going to cut the sides off a little bit and the back as well.
"And if you want to add a little decoration into the fan handle, you can either roll the texture into it, or just use your hands to make a nice little edge which is what I'm going to do."
"Give it a little bit extra, a line down the middle and once that's glazed, that'll look real nice."
"And once you've got your handle with whatever decoration you want to have on it, you're ready to attach it to your spinner."
"Now, that we've got that opened up, I can pull the sides and make the edge of the pie plate."
A little bit more thickness helps the piece be sturdy and survive that process.
I'm going to go ahead and pull this almost to the edge of my twelve inch bat.
"Then, I'm going to take my hard rib, and I'm just going to compress the floor of this pie plate."
The compression makes it smooth and it also makes it strong.
Hi!
It is hitting somewhere right in the middle.
It's not quite long enough and not quite short enough.
"If I was somewhere around this length, the length would at least be complimentary but again, this charm just throws the entire outfit off."
So we would not want to choose this necklace with this particular outfit.l
Now what to wear with this dress.
As you can see.
I've chosen a necklace here.
There is more than one thing wrong with this choice I've made; the major part of this necklace has a print and my dress has a print.
These two prints do not work well together.
"I mean I have busy print here filled with navy blues, green s and just really beautiful color and then I have this charm, it's kind of blah."
It doesn't mix well with what I am wearing.
"Second of all the length of this necklace is not the length that you would be really shooting for, for a neckline like this."
"Okay, some of the accessories that come with a bi-fold door, of course, are the handle."
"You're going to need a handle, of course, to be able to open to it, that comes with a screw that will go through the door and then through the handle, once we have the door installed."
"This piece is for the bottom, it's threaded to be able to adjust the height of the door in case the door has little too much play and it doesn't reach the track right at the top."
"You can adjust it down, raising the door, and it will meet the track."
These are all adjustable.
These two go on the top and this is going to be the one that holds it in place.
"And, of course, your roller, it's going to be the one that allows it to go back and forth in the track."
This is kind of a guide and a roller at the same time.
I'm going to take you through a gymnastics class stretch and warm-up.
"I'm going to keep my chest nice and forward because we don't want to hunch over and I'm going to hold that, again, for at least 20 seconds."
"When I'm done, I'm going to pull this leg back and I'm going to switch and repeat with the other leg."
My hands are on my knee to keep my chest up.
"You can put your hands on your hips, but, I find when a lot of people do that, they hunch forward."
"So, put your hands on your knee, don't lean forward, and stretch."
Now I'm going to stretch my hip flexors.
"Again, when you're jumping or tumbling you could easily pull any muscle, especially in your legs."
"So, you really want to stretch them out."
"Now, what I've done is gotten up on my knees from my other stretches and I've put one leg forward."
When I stretch my hip flexor it's extremely important that I keep my knee just over my ankle.
If I push too forward and get over my toes I'm putting a lot of undue stress on my knee joints.
"So, I want to keep my shin nice and straight."
"I'm going to push forward, ever so slightly, until I feel that stretch right here in this leg and then here in my back leg."
Let's take a couple of minutes and talk to you about pruning trees.
"This is going to do a couple of things for us, it's going to make sure one; that I'm not dropping the branch down into a garden or existing structures and two; it's going to take some of the weight off the branch and make it safer and easier to take down."
One of the tools that everybody that has a tree in their yard should have is a pole pruner.
"A pole pruner comes in a couple of different parts, one; there's a saw blade, usually detachable, we'll talk more about that in a minute."
"The part that we're going to use now is a bypass pruner, operates on a pulley system that can be operated on a long string pulled from the ground."
We're going to use that right now to help take some weight off the branch.
The next thing we're going to do is start sawing parts off this.
"Now by bringing it down in sections, I'm making sure it's coming down in smaller more manageable chunks that are a lot less likely to damage to me or my garden."
"It's unfortunately but trees get old, trees get sick."
Sometimes you just need a little bit more light in an area than you're currently getting and taking some branches off the bottom is a good way to handle that.
"Now some jobs are going to be a little too big for you to handle, but there are a lot of jobs that with the right tools you're going to be able to do the pruning on all yourself and in this case we've got one of those jobs."
"We've got a branch here down on the bottom and because of the way its been handled by other people over the course of the years, its not in very good shape."
"You can see over here, somebody went and put a swing on this branch and they didn't do it the right way."
"They didn't protect the branch, they put chains on there and it's cut into the branch, making the branch unhealthy and killing it."
So we've got to take it down.
What we're going to do is we're going to start by pruning the ends off the branch.
So I have it ironed and these two just meet; I don't even have to worry about struggling to make it meet.
Just do a little top sew.
And I'm just right next to the edge.
And don't even worry about back tacking because I'm going to show you how to attach it to the bag where all of this is hidden away.
"I like to cut my threads, though."
"So, I'm going to flip it over and I'm going to sew on this edge, right here, also."
"And since I want to put four rows of stitching on it, I'm going to go ahead and look at it."
"These guys are an inch apart, so I'm just going to go in about 3/8 of an inch; that should be about right, on each side."
"Like I said, if you wanted to, you could just stay with doing these two or just one, it doesn't matter."
But I'm going to do my four.
And this one's a little easier; I don't have to measure it out; I just place it in between these two that I have.
Take a little look.
"Yeah, I guess 3/8 was good; it's all 3/8 apart."
"So, now that I have my strap, what I'm going to do next is show you how to finish off the drawstring."
"What you want to do is you are just kind of rolling and pinching the skin very gently, again very gently always very gently on the eye area."
"Notice her skin isn't stimulated at all, it's not getting red at all and you just want to use the very tips of your fingers to move along the skin and then you want to just kind of follow the facial contour and as you practice doing these at home too you'll start noticing different points that you will feel good and then you'll just be hooked and you'll want to do it all the time and another benefit of doing these specific movements at home is that the more practice you get the better at it you'll become and then you will start noticing different points of your own face that feel good and then you'll just be hooked."
"Today, we are going to learn how to make gourmet coffee in your home."
I mentioned earlier that you don't want to use like a cheap auto-drip whatever coffee beans to make your espresso shots.
"What you do want to use though is a rich, good coffee."
"You can get a lot of just good coffees at your local grocery store, and if you have an espresso grinder that's even better."
So what you're going to do is turn to a finer grind.
You're going to grind it and then you're going to be able to pull the shots.
"In this clip, we're going to be talking a little about the coffee that we actually use, the grind of it, and what kind of roast we're going to use to get the best shots of espresso."
"If you're using an espresso machine, you're going to want to use like a finer grind of coffee."
"To change the amount or the time that your espresso shots are going to take, you're going to do a thicker or a finer grind."
Finer grind is going to be less time on the shots.
A thicker grind is going to let the water sipped in a little bit more and take a longer time to pull the shots.
"Now, we're using a fine grind right now which is great for us because we're pulling these great shots of espresso."
"And with espresso, the finer the grind, the better the shots that we make."
"Also, you want to be very aware of what kind of beans you're using."
We're talking about scheduling and working from a home office.
"And how to use your time, efficiently."
"A lot of people have, who work from home offices, myself included."
Now that isn't always true.
And it depends on the work you're doing.
We all do different types of work from a home office.
Some of us are running eBay business or writer like myself.
Or maybe a computer programmer or a graphic artist.
Whatever you do.
"You know, but for the most part, we can kind of."
"We kind of, know how long our job's are going to take."
Have found that it's very helpful if you set up a routine or a schedule.
"So it's nice to kind of, pace out and schedule."
"Especially if it's a job that's due, down the road."
"So we'll talk about how to kind of, take your projects."
And how to space them out to make sure they get done by deadlines.
"We'll talk about deadlines, next."
While you're working at home.
"And that kind of, keeps you from just getting too scattered."
And either working too much or too little.
"To just kind of, you know, space your time out."
"For me, what works well is I have, I use my Google calendar."
"Now, we have the finished product, the triangle top that we started off with and then the bottom."
"It gives it a better fit, but this is optional, but it does look well on her body in this suit."
"Also another thing to keep in mind, the padding in the top and the lining is completely optional as well, but it does give your suit more of a fitting and a longer-lasting, especially if you have the lining in it, it does give your suit longer wear to it, and if you accidentally do machine wash, it will be probably fine."
So there's a couple of things in this suit that you can change.
There's a couple of things you can make.
"The band may be wider; also on the top, you can trim it in different colors; maybe the pink would look really great in this suit as well."
"So once you get your pattern, you can always tweak it after your final product as well."
"All you have to do is you're just going to take out something you don't like and put something into the suit, so it's up to you."
"In conclusion, you've seen us start from scratch, from building a pattern and making a pattern into the finished product."
"What might be a good idea is you to go out to the store and buy some fabric, maybe is not very expensive."
Just buy the cheapest you can do to practice.
What's neat about the bottom is that it does have this band here that goes all the way around.
That's the key here.
"To make a good suit, you're going to need to practice."
"So if you do buy just the cheaper material, practice into it, and then once you figure out, ""Okay, well, I need to alter it this way,"" you can go back to your pattern and alter it."
So there are steps like that that you can do to make a good suit.
You've seen it and then you can do it.
It's very simple.
"It's very fun doing it, and all you have to do is just the follow the steps to it."
"And then once you have figured out your perfect pattern and everything, you can go out to the store, buy the fabric that you want and make it into something wonderful."
"The band is just a little bit something that's different, and it also helps your suit stay on as well."
"Here, we did no jewelry on the piece, but you could put on maybe a ring or something dangling from either side that you like, and also from the top if you wanted something extra as well."
So this is the finished product that we have.
You saw us make it.
"You saw us with the--first, making the design of the suit, making the pattern, picking out your fabric, and then starting to sew it."
"And with this suit, we did decide to do the elastic."
Elastic just kind of brings the suit a little bit more closer to the body.
"AMANDA CLAIRE: All right so to tin the wire, remember we're going to put the iron onto the wire, get the wire really really hot, and remember, you want to kind of stay away from touching your soldering iron to the solder itself."
"I mean, obviously you can, it's fine, but the point of soldering is not to melt the solder with the iron, it's more to heat up the metal electrical component with the iron and let the heat from the component melt the solder so it's kind of an indirect heating."
"So here I am kind of heating the wire, I'm going to get it close to the solder and the solder should kind of flow over our wire here if we're lucky--oh there, it started to go."
"There we go, there we go and there we go."
"Now we've pretty much tinned our wire, we'll do a little bit more there, yeah, okay."
"So you have a nicely tinned wire; basically, it just means that's it's coated with solder."
"And since we're here, let's just might as well, let's just do the other one."
"Same deal, we'll kind of get the wire hot, kind of get it near the solder and whoop, there we go."
It happens real quickly.
"You'll find that this stranded copper wire--it heats up very, very fast which is good."
Hi.
I'm Billy from Bill's Pet Shop.
"Very, very sociable, they'll like all members of the family."
"You want to try, hold your hand out, press it up, up."
"""That's kind of easy"", yeah, ""all you have to do is put it"", that's right put it right in front of him."
"Parakeets are, easy to care for, and make wonderful pets because of their great disposition for children."
"You can teach them to sit on your hand very easily, even a child can do it."
Today we're going to talk about the best bird for a child.
My favorites are Parakeet.
"They'll learn to step right up with very little care, very little training time."
"Get your oven to 350, put it in a nice preset oven for about 20-25 minutes no more then that and when you take it out we are going to put in the boiler for about 2 minutes."
We are going to add some more cheese to give it that brown effect I'm going to show you the finish product.
What I want to do is just slowly lower the vehicle on to that jack so the jacks could--or the jack stand so the jack stand's carrying the load.
So it'll be able to slowly settle down and let it come to a stop and I like to leave the jack in there as another safety feature.
"It's not carrying the load right now, it's just at--it's just below where the frame is."
I let the jack stand carry the load but the jack is left in place in case of a failure.
Please watch our next segment on removing the front tire.
"So, we want to jack the vehicle up."
We don't want to jack it up to such an angle that it's going to create a hazard or danger by tilting or applying too much force on the other side.
"So, I've got it up with the tire probably around a foot off the ground and that's more than adequate to give us plenty of room to work and keep a good safety margin."
"So, this time, once I've got it jacked up, I'm going to put it on a jack stand or another device to safely carry the load."
I place that jack stand underneath the frame right at the very front where the unibody frame comes up and the front suspension meet.
It's a good place to stabilize and carry the load.
"Now, turning counter-clockwise very slowly, it kinda--when you break this free, it's going to want to turn fast."
"So, you gotta kinda be careful and regulate it."
"RICHARD BUCCOLA: Hi, this is Rich Buccola of New York City."
"And what happens now, we're going to boil some water for our noodles."
It's almost time for dinner.
"We've just tasted a little bit of it and it's amazing, but we want it to thicken up a little bit so I have it on a very low flame."
"And while my water starts to boil in my saucepan for our noodles, I'm just going to occasionally stir it."
"And when I actually take this off the heat, it will really thicken up and be a really nice sauce."
It tastes amazing.
It tastes a little bit of the wine.
It's really good.
I hope you guys make this.
"All right, we're almost done."
I'm making sure this is just nice and smooth that it didn't get any lumps from your flour.
Just make sure you do that.
Just going to keep spreading that all around nice.
"What we're going to do now is just add this right to our mixture of beef and onions and mushrooms, like so."
"Yes, this is so good."
Let's just give that a good mix.
I'm going to put that under a low flame and let it thicken up.
This is a little bit more of an advanced movement and it's a very subtle movement.
"So let's first start by sliding out to the side, lifting the chest, pulling in as you come back to the center, sliding out to the opposite direction, lifting, coming back to your center."
"Pulling in, pulling out to the side, and lift, into the center and we just continue it into your Figure 8."
Let's try it with some music.
"Five, six, seven, eight."
That's okay.
It doesn't really matter if it's green or white.
"Actually, indeed with the stocking colors you're going to see, it's going to flow very nicely from the green to one of the few areas of our costume that won't be green."
"Now, you want to keep going up your leg right about to the mid-calf level."
That's as far up you want to go.
This is similar.
"Basically, you're going to take the fabric and keep rolling around basically up your ankle, your calf and your leg."
Do this very slowly.
Make sure that you're basically the folds are very strong and over.
"Otherwise, it will come undone."
You don't want that.
"So, definitely keep going up the leg all the way to the top here."
"Now, you'll notice actually that the underline fabric in this case is white."
The first thing we want to do is paint our clothespins and you can paint them any color you'd like.
"I'm going to paint them blue, you wait and you do this all the way across the top and on the sides and then you'll want to set them aside for just a few minutes."
"Now that they've let our clothespin dry, I'm ready to add a decoration to this."
"I'm going to add a dragonfly, this is a little prepainted wood piece I picked up at the craft store."
"We're going to add this piece to the handle end of our clothespin, so I'm going to add a dot of glue and then I'm going to press down like that and then we'll want to let that dry a minute."
"I want to make a set of these, so I've also painted two different, two more clothespins and picked up some more insects or bug type wood pieces to add to them."
Now I have my set of buggy chip clips.
"Once they've dried, we can use them to hold chip, bags or any other kind of bags closed."
My name is Zeibra Lemley with the Different Vibe True Beauty and Barber Salon and in this segment I'm going to show you how to do pigtails or otherwise known as Willie Nelson braids.
"In the case of making a good pigtail, just to make sure that the hair is parted straight down the center."
"I'm going to take the hair in the middle and I'm going to bring it over to the second, with the first section was and I'm going to take the hair in the left hand and I'm going to cross it under."
I'm going to keep doing this until I get all the way down to the end of the braid.
So the hair can be evenly distribute on both sides.
You don't want a pigtail that one's better than the other.
"So we're going to slice that here straight down the middle, making sure each side is evenly distribute."
"When you comb it through, you're going to gather all the hair in your hand."
"You're going to comb straight through 'till you make a, like a pigtail."
"And to keep it this braid is to make sure that the hair, you start to braid at the nape of the neck."
"Now I'm going to take the hair and I'm going to slice it off to three sections; a section for my right hand, a section for my left hand and there's a section in the middle."
"Start to braid, I'm going to take the hair thats in my right hand and I'm going to cross it under to my hair in my left hand."
They're kind of like big poofy baggy pants for comfortable sleeping.
Come up just like that.
"And I guess this could also be like a hip hop outfit if you really wanted it to be, but it's not my intention."
"I'm going for pajamas, comfy pajamas."
And then her little bare feet kind of sticking out the ends there.
And you can draw like obviously some pattern on them.
Most pajamas seem to have a pattern of some kind.
Little hearts maybe.
You know.
Something kind of girlie for bedtime.
Yeah.
That looks like a nice little pajama combo right there.
"Tank top, baggy pants."
There you go.
Pajamas.
"Okay, now that we have the binding all pinned on we're going to go ahead and attach it."
We're just going to start at the edge there and sew right along the edge removing the pins as we come to them.
"Okay, once we have the first edge completed we're going to pin the binding on the second edge the exact same way only we're going to wrap it around the edge and pin it so that it goes around the edge on both ends and then we're ready to sew the second side on."
We aren't going to take any of the pins out yet.
We're not going to take anything out.
We're going to add this on so pinning it right perpendicular to how we're going to sew it right along the edge.
At the corner we're going to turn and we are going to give it just a little fold there so it has room to go around the corner.
And in this first step we're going to go ahead and pin all the way up to this point.
So we're going to trim it just past this point and that's as much as we need for the first step.
We're going to go ahead and finish pinning that in place.
So you're got to keep this up really high to really isolate the triceps.
So back and in.
"Now your breathing is exhale as you extend out, inhale to bring that hand back."
Now if you want a little bit more burn right here keep your arm out and just little tiny pulses right here.
And then you go back to singles.
"Now don't forget to change arms, you want to be balanced."
So that's your tricep back extension.
The other arm is lifted so you've got a nice bent elbow here.
Keep your elbow up in line with your shoulder and then simply just extend your arm and bring that fist right to the shoulder.
It's very easy to start doing this.
"This is not the move, this could be a variation of the move but it's not the move."
We're just twisting the lower body slightly to present our audience with our working hip step.
Hip.
Step.
Hip.
Let's try it together.
Step.
Hip.
So shoulders stay square walking forward and step.
Hip.
Feet come together knees line up same direction.
Step.
You don't want your knees going out here right?
Step.
Knees together lift.
Step.
Lift.
Forward step.
Lift.
Step.
Lift.
Step.
Lift.
Slight angle very good.
Try it in the mirror it looks more complicated.
It looks very easy but it's actually it takes a lot of concentration to keep those shoulders forward.
If we bring the left foot here to meet it and bend the knees and then bring the chest back forward you get a nice line in the body.
Now it's very important to try this in front of a mirror so you can make sure your shoulders stay forward.
"ALLYN CHRISTOPHER: Okay, our turbine's properly installed there as well as these bearings."
Look at that.
"And again, low torque, low speed."
It should make that clicking sound.
"But you're not going to hear the clicking sound 'cause I'm not tightening them all the way 'cause this has a--you can see over here, it's keyed, so that it can slide in and out and once we get the next piece on, we're going to set it at the perfect, perfect setting for it, look at that."
"All right, here's our old one."
"This is the turbine shield, the turbine itself, and still has the old tube attached and so again I'm going to turn it out."
"Again, one of the pieces that doesn't come in the kit, very rarely does anything happen to this."
"So, you're more likely to break it during a repair than you are to actually do it--for it break itself during operation."
"Old tube, you see it's a little warped, stiff, doesn't want to retain, it's not good."
"Good thing the kit comes with a brand new, flexible, very supple."
It's practically a perpetual motion machine.
I'll say it three times.
Turbine shaft shield.
Shaft shield.
"There are just a couple of places where it goes here and we're going to put this on right here as a place holder and then we are going to take--yes, now the screws from this are going to be the originals too."
"Hi, I'm Stan DeFreitas, Mr. Green Thumb for On Gardening."
One of the most important elements of all plants is nitrogen.
This may leak out quicker than some other sources of nitrogen but it is still a pretty readily source and it will be used in water and of course remember that is where plants have to absorb the nutrients.
So Nitrogen the first number is an element that is going to give you green and grow.
If you ever look at some of the lawn foods they are normally higher in that first number.
Nitrogen is always always the first number on the bag or on the bottle.
It will usually be NPNK.
The first number is Nitrogen.
Why is it important?
Well Nitrogen helps your plant to grow.
It is the green and growing element.
If you want your little plant to get up and grow you want to make sure it has a good source of Nitrogen.
This particular bottle has 9 % Nitrogen and you see it happens to be Ammoniacal Nitrogen which is okay.
"The history of motocross is a very rich one, it started in Europe as scrambles in the 1940's culminating with the formation of the Motocross of Nations which is basically the Olympics for motorcycles in 1947."
"The world sanctioning body for motorcycling, the FIM or the Federation for International Motorcycling, in 1957, started the World Motocross Grand Prix Series, which was the pinnacle at that time."
"In 1970, several of the European riders sent over to America to do some races called the Trans AMA Series, which was kind of a, a national series over here."
That sparked motorcycling here to the point where in 1972 the AMA or the American Motorcyclist Association started the series that is now the AMA Motocross Nationals.
"After 1972, motorcycling in America in general just gained huge popularity, all through the eighties with riders like Johnny O'Mara, Rick Johnson, Broc Glover and David Bailey, really set a precedent and popularized almost to, to mainstream stardom, some of the top riders in, in motocross."
"And nowadays we have the American Supercross Series, which is the, basically the pinnacle of racing in the world, as well as the AMA Motocross National Series, that spurred from the original 1972 series that they promoted and today, the United States is, is a hotbed for motocross, attracting the top riders from all over the world."
"Now, a bevel is actually a piece of clear glass that has been smoothed and polished down on it's sides."
"They work really well to go around the border of some of your leaded and foiled projects, as well, to add an extra dimension and elegance to them."
So that it goes to a smaller width and it's thicker on the inside.
"So, I wanted to show you, these are are some of the sipper bevels."
"Sipper meaning that it's got this little circular motion going on, but it's got this iridized or dichroic acrylic glass, which is the different, how it picks up the different hues of the rainbow."
They've got them in the larger and the smaller.
"There's also a granite dichroic bevels, which are these little; you can see that iridized, dichroic glass in the center of that bevel and on the bevel; actually, if you can get a close up of that, it's, you can see the levels of glass and how it's been polished to a raised surface."
There are also just clear sipper and regular bevel rectangular square.
You can find these in all different sizes and shapes.
"And, I just wanted to let you know those are available to you out there."
"Hi, I'm going to demonstrate how to do a plea, with an inner thigh lift, so we're going to take the legs out."
We want a eleven o'clock and a one o'clock with your toes.
Knees are going to open.
We don't want the knees coming in.
"You want to open them out as much as possible, so that our target is the inner thighs, the hip abductors."
We're dropping down into a plea.
Bottom needs to be in line with the kneecaps.
"As you come up, your sweeping inner thigh, and then you're dropping right back down that same spot."
If you have neighbors that are looking for canes you can rip them up and spring transplant them.
You don't even need a lot of ceremony; you can just rip them up and replant them.
"These are very special, they're not red, they're not purple, they're golden."
We find them especially pest free and easy to produce.
"Now the goal in pruning this patch is to leave a small percentage, maybe 30 or 20% of these canes intact which means that I have hundreds of canes that need cutting."
"So what I'm going to do is in my mind I'm going to choose some of these mature beautiful canes that have growth ready for they're second year in fruiting and everything else, anything that doesn't meet the grade in the path, in the way, not big enough, old and dead."
"You see I'm finding excuses to cut everything but the champs, this being a champ here."
"This ones broken and crossing, out it comes."
How you register your print is up to you.
"And it does take a while to get a handle on it, to get to the point where you can visually see where you need to place the block of wood, or how you need to match your registration marks in order to get it perfect."
It really just takes some practice.
"Now how you want to do it, what you feel more comfortable with, it's going to be, you'll figure that out as you get into your processing, you try these different things, of which works better for you."
"When registering your print you can also make the choices to off-register, to give you some other interesting possibilities with how it's going to print, if you off-register just slightly."
"Registering your print does become significantly more important when you are doing multicolored prints or you're doing, you want lines to match up perfectly."
"As you can see here, I simply just printed over top of it three times and it's almost the, the traits of what was behind it, is almost gone."
This was just to give you an idea of registering your block of wood.
"But it will take some time, it will take some time to get used to and that should not discourage you, as in most things in woodcut printmaking, it will take some time to get the hang of it."
In these clips we are going to talk about the proper way to inspect and adjust your drum style rear brakes.
"Once I have my jack stand there on the rear axle, go ahead and release the hydraulic pressure on my floor jack and that is the proper way to jack up your vehicle and seat your jack stand."
In this clip we are going to talk about the proper jacking method and supporting method in order to get the rear axle off the ground to inspect and adjust our rear brakes.
Let's get everything out of the way here.
I'll slip my floor jack right underneath.
"Okay as you can see here, I have my floor jack cup placed on the lower shock mounting bracket."
"What I am going to do once I have my jack located correctly is slip in my pump in handle, lock it into place and begin pumping the jack up."
"Once I have it high enough in the air, I am going to install my jack stand."
This is my jack stand here in the picture here so I'll know how high I have to go; just about an inch further.
As you can see my jack stand has a cup shape that is going to fit the roundness of the rear axle perfectly and right there.
"And they could be used for all different types of hair types, another one is Fiber by American Crew."
"This is something you can get at a retail store you can get it at Cosmo Prof, Sally's it's a pliable paste."
I really like using each of these products.
"So now that the lid fits into the area that was designated for it, I've cut it off the bat, and I'm going to go ahead and trim the lid itself."
"First make sure that it's nice and on center, might have to reposition it a little bit."
Then take your ribbon tool and just clean that up.
There's a lot of extra clay in that to work with to get the shape that you need.
"So now that I've got the shape that I'm looking for I'm going to go ahead and take a little ball of clay, and my scoring tool which has multiple needles."
"I'll score the center of this lid and get it pretty wet, and then I'll score the bottom of this little ball."
And position it on top.
And I'm next going to show you how to throw this into the shape of a knob.
"In this series we are going to teach you about general acupressure points, places to work on your dog for overall arthritis."
"In the environment that you provide for your chameleon, there are several things that you need to make sure aren't dangerous."
Your lizard is not usually going to turn upside down and absorb the heat through their belly.
"So, from the top is the best bet."
You want to provide lots of antibacterial ointment for your lizard's burn.
"You want to make sure it stays on there, you need to wipe it off and change it at least on a daily basis and make sure that you remove anything from the cage that could stick to the antibacterial ointment."
"Now, another danger in the environment for chameleons is ingestion of foreign objects."
"Because they are sticky-tongued creatures, their tongue will also catch surrounding items such as the substrate."
"I feed this one out of a dish but if were to throw a cricket in there that was running around, she would grab it and most likely, if it was on the ground, she'll collect some of the substrate and then she'll ingest it."
"Now, this can also cause intestinal blockage which could require a surgery."
It's much easier avoided than it seems.
"Make sure that everything you have in your vivarium is large enough to not be swallowed and if it is small enough to be swallowed, it's biodegradable and digestible for your chameleon."
Some dangers in her environment could include exposed lighting or heat sources.
You want to make sure that there is no access.
It smells like pizza this is the best time of the day this is when you know because everyone will start coming around and say what's that smell.
So now take a look at these pizza's I'm going to say that these 2 bigger ones are not done yet the 2 french bread but you know what I like the way the little ones look.
The little ones you can see the basils actually got a little wilted which means they cooked nice these are fun little pizza's.
Be careful don't burn yourself cause they will be hot so when you take them out be sure you don't burn yourself.
Here's 4 extra little pizza's and if you want you can slice them in half and you can see I actually made 4 English muffin pizza's into 8 that way that's one way to serve them.
"If you just want to kind of groove, groove, groove and step and groove and groove and groove and step, that's your standard grapevine."
"It is usually just going to go left and right or you can add a back and a forward and if you want to get really intricate you can just add a turn come here, two, three, and turn, two three, here."
Standard grapevine that is in pretty much every warm up.
"So again it is going to go left, two, three, four, right, we'll go back and forward and that's your standard grapevine."
It is a really good way to get your blood flowing and to get you ready for even more difficult things to come.
We are going to start with our left foot.
We are going to step with our left foot.
"We are going to take our right foot step it behind, then you're going to take your left foot and step it out."
See you just go the other way.
You take your right foot and step it down and step your left foot behind and take your right foot and you step it out.
That is the basic bottom half move for your grapevine.
The top part is really optional.
"Okay, so we've completed this look, the bronze goddess and she looks pretty bronze."
"I mean you can tell from her hand to her face that we really, we've really bronzed her up."
"Just bring like a little press powder with you, with either a sponge or a travel brush just so you can powder your nose and your forehead and your chin just in case they get a little tiny bit oily."
"Because even though this is a doey look, you don't want to look oily or sweaty."
The eyes most like will stay.
"The only thing is since we did eyeliner inside the eye, you might want to have to, you might have to reapply that every so often."
"So bring your eyeliner with you and that's really easy, you can just throw that in your purse."
"And lastly your lip gloss, that the most important."
"You want to make sure you bring your lip glosses with you, which ever lip glosses that you mixed if it's one, if it's two, and a little lip brush or you can use your fingertips if you want."
Just make sure your hands are clean.
You want to make sure that you reapply your lip gloss every so often cause that's going to come off pretty much.
"Now your blush and your bronzer, it just depends on the person, sometimes it stays."
"My blush and bronzer doesn't stay very well on me, so sometimes I like to bring it with me and bring a little travel brush."
You can get little short travel brushes with cases and throw it in your purse just to touch up your blush or your bronzer every so often.
"And that's about it, this look is pretty long lasting and it goes, it transitions well from day to evening also."
"So that's about it, we're pretty much done with this."
"So, do you like your look? Yes. Yeah, it looks good on you, your eyes look really blue. This is a good look for anybody really."
"If you're brown eyes, blue eyes, green eyes, it doesn't matter, it's a good look for any skin tone, it really doesn't matter."
"It's a pretty transitional look for anyone, any hair color even."
"So basically you just want to make sure that you bring the stuff with you, you're going to need for touch ups."
"Everything is most likely going to stay if you use long wearing makeup, except for your lips and if you tend to get oily in your t-zones, you might want to bring a powder."
"Inclusion just remember the four steps crack in a crack, snuggled hardness straps, retainer clip in armpit, and then your seat goes in a 45 degree angle oh and that your hardness straps are in a rear facing installation are always at the shoulders or going below."
"You're losing very little flesh and there are bones, rows of bones, probably eight or ten bones in that piece of meat right there."
"Okay, we're going to take the pin bones out of this filet as well."
"Once again, you're feeling with your fingertips along, to find the row."
You don't want to go any further than the last bone.
"And you want to cut right along the edge of the bones, the best you can, without losing any yield, wasting any flesh."
"And, I'm going to trim this side out as well."
And there's your pin bone right there.
"And that's edible, if you want to pick through the bones or, if not, you've got a boneless filet."
"And you're going to take your boning knife, once again, the same knife that you used to filet the fish."
"You need to kind of feel; this is the really messy, dirty job."
You got to get into it.
"You want to feel the pin bone and you want to go along the top as much, as close as you can to the bone without losing any flesh."
Because you don't want to throw away what you just paid good money for.
"You cut both sides of the pin bone, take the pin bone out but you're trying to cut right along the edge."
Ok.
"So, now that I have the placket taken apart."
"So, what we're going to do is take ours and just refold it right there at right there."
All the seams are undone.
"And, the idea is to make my three quarters of an inch chalk line to the original crease that's folded over on the placket."
This is ninety degrees and these two pieces on the side are forty-five degrees to make one-eighty.
"So, you can tell this is a hundred and eighty degree angle right here."
"And, to keep this I want to go ahead and just pin it."
Pin this right here and then I'm going to pin this one.
"And, in the next clip I'm going to show you how to fold it over and we're going to have it pinned and folded before we even get an iron to it."
"So, we'll do that in the next clip."
This ninety degree angle that's already there has been taken apart.
"And, this is what I want to show you how to work on next is this top placket piece."
"And, we look underneath you can tell it's two angles put together to make a ninety degree."
"Most of the time, it's forty-five and forty-five."
"And, this one's a little bit off just because it's not as well made."
Alright.
Everyone knows you can't study on an empty stomach.
"Hi, I'm Alexa Sparkman, and today we're going to talk about healthy dorm room snacking."
"Of course, popcorn is a good late night snack, and, any more, you can even buy a hundred calorie packs of microwave popcorn."
"Hot chocolate on a cold winters night is a good option, having a few packs in the dorm room is quick and easy."
All you have to do is add hot water.
"And then, we've always got the carrot and ranch dip snack, it's nice to keep a few things on hand when you've got those crunchy munchies."
"There are, also, some sweet options when the sweet tooth hits."
"When you've got the munchies it's really easy to reach for the high fat, high sugar options."
"Consider, when you're choosing cookies, those that are high in fiber and low in fat."
"If you're trying to find a meal replacement, there are plenty of bar options out there, if you're running between class, and you know you're not going to make it back for a meal in the cafeteria, consider the meal replacement bars."
"Or, if you just need a little snack, trail mix bars are a good option when you're on the go."
And that's how you eat healthy dorm room snacks.
I'm Alexa Sparkman until next time.
"Today, we're going to talk about something that might be a little bit more healthy."
Sexing finches is relatively easy.
Unlike the female who has a very wide space so that they can lay eggs.
In most cases the male of the species is a lot brighter and prettier than the female.
"In this case, this is the female, pintail whydah, she is brown."
The male of the species is white with black wings and very very long tail feathers.
Some cases are a little more difficult to sex.
The best way to sex your bird is to check the egg area.
A female bird will have a very very wide pelvic area and a male bird should have a very small pelvic area.
"Hi, my name is Lanie McCormick I'm a fine art photographer in Austin, Texas. The first thing in setting up a dark room that you are going to want to consider is your space."
You are going to want to find a space that is big enough to house two different workstations.
"You're going to have a wet workstation and a dry workstation within this space you're also going to need to have access to ventilation, electricity and to water."
"Some people think it's important to paint a dark room black on the inside but it's just a myth, you don't want to do that."
Actually white walls are the best color to have in a dark room that way you can notice any light links coming from windows or doors.
And women were considered to be better than men for making a precise compass measurements because women are more actually in tune with earth.
So men considered to be all in their mind and they're more connected to heaven.
"Hi, this is Lyndon again and we're here at Lou Ehlers in the frame department."
Today we're going to take a look at inner panel replacement.
There are a few tools that I want to show you for that.
Most importantly gloves and safety goggles cause being safe and taking care of your eyes is very important.
This is an air chisel; this is what's used to separate the old panel from the existing panels for a panel replacement.
"Hi, choosing make-up colors is something that many women have problems with."
I'm going to help you find the best make-up colors that will work for you.
"Now, when you're doing your eyes, using a dark liner is o.k, we just want to make sure that it's complimented and it's very even."
"We don't want anything too harsh, and too dark."
"So, making sure that the entire face is balanced is very important."
"There are many colors to choose from, and remember if you stick to the things that you like, you're normally going to do very well."
"Make sure to play with different colors, and make sure that you have someone near you that can give you an honest opinion about what looks good on you."
My name is Sylvia Russell and this is how you can choose make-up colors.
My name is Sylvia Russell and this is how you can choose the best make-up colors.
"Now, make-up color really depends on you, what you like and what you don't like."
"If you stick with what you like, normally you'll come out on top."
"Now remember as we age, we need to modify the colors that we wear."
"We want to wear less blacks, and dark colors, using lighter browns and mauves."
Making sure that the color we choose compliments the skin tone.
"As you can see our model here has beautiful cheek bones, beautiful lips, so we wanted to enhance those things."
"We use a nice, peachy color on the cheeks, nothing too red, and a very nice color, almost the same color as her lips, just to give her a little extra pop."
DR. MICHELLE COHEN: There is another kind of body language that's very important to remember especially if you're in interviews or trying to make a good impression on someone.
"It's called ""relaxed and confident body language."""
"Eye contact is really important, not glaring at someone, just keeping your eyes straight at them."
"Gentle smiles are also really important, nodding slowly."
"And also when you're trying to express relaxed body, you use your hands like this, gently."
You never use this.
You never use this.
It's always as a matter of fact.
"So, you're nodding your head sometimes."
You're looking directly at the person.
Your body is open.
It's relaxed.
"And as in the word relaxed, you are going to show that you are relaxed."
"And again, you can use this in job interviews, when you're meeting someone for the first time, any kind of new social situation, or on a blind date."
"You were really trying to make a good impression and trying to say, ""I'm not a nervous person."
"I'm not uncomfortable."""
These are the things you can do if you are feeling that way.
You're not going to be slouching as in boredom or sleepiness.
You're going to be sitting up straight but you're relaxed.
"Usually, your legs are not crossed."
You can have maybe your ankles cross behind you.
Open gestures are great like we discussed a little bit earlier.
"You have your hand maybe on the side of the chair or on your leg, but you're relaxed."
You're looking at that person and movements are always slow when you're relaxed.
"This segment is on hitting to your full potential, long drives."
"And the longer the shaft, the wider the arc."
"As a rule of thumb, each inch will give you five yards."
"So if you have a forty-five inch driver and go to forty-eight, there's a chance you're going to gain fifteen yards."
Will you lose some accuracy?
Probably.
"But if you want to experiment, take an old driver, bring it into a pro shop or an off course store."
"Have them put a plug in, three inches."
Put on a grip.
Practice with a longer driver.
You will hit longer and you might be surprised that you actually don't lose that much accuracy.
"The wider the arc, the more club head speed."
"The more club head speed, the further the ball is going to go."
"For many years, a driver could be any length."
But now the USGA has set a limit at forty-eight inches.
Most drivers today that you would buy would be forty-four to forty-five inches.
Will a forty-eight inch driver give you less accuracy?
"Yes, most likely it will."
"But, it will also give you more club head speed."
"O'kay to accompany what we have been doing before along with the jumping, the hopping, the jump roping and everything else he is going to strengthen up his calves by just doing some simple calf raises."
Right before our juice evaporates from all of our broccoli I am going to add this celery and I am adding celery last because I want to give our vegetables just a little bit of crunch because our chicken is going to be very soft so we'll stir this around.
"We have our sauce here and if you remember we didn't add anything spicier than black pepper to it but it will have just a little bit of spice to it, just a little bit of kick."
"Alright we are going to take our cinnamon rice, the liquid has absorbed so we'll plate this on and it should be just a little bit sticky with the sugar that we added and we'll give our vegetables one last stir so I'm going to put these kind of in layers so that we get some of the broccoli and then with the mushrooms and the celery over them and then some bright green broccoli on that and if you have any of that juice left you are going to want to dribble that right over the top of your broccoli."
"Alright now we will give our chicken a final stir and we will try to give our chicken a final stir and we will try to get a nice scoop of all the colors, the reds, the greens and the browns and we will try to make sure that we get a piece of basil over the top so that can be here."
So here we are our Thai Style Basil with Cinnamon Rice and our Soy and Ginger Broccoli.
Now we're going to discuss the types of customer service.
"When dealing with a customer with a difficult last name, ask them how to pronounce it and tell them that you don't want to butcher or mispronounce their name."
I found that this is a very handy icebreaker as some instances and also the customer appreciates you taking that extra time to make sure that you have your facts right.
But again by using the customer's name you make the feel like more than just a number.
Another simple factor to consider when you're dealing with a customer over the phone use that customer's name.
"Now when you use the customer's name, what are you doing."
"First of all you're telling the customer that they are an individual, nobody wants to be a number."
"Don't you hate it and go into a place like I don't know, DMV comes to mind."
You pull a number and that is all you are to the person behind the counter.
Well the person who is calling you feels anonymous immediately because they are not face to face with you.
One way to establish a relationship and it's a very simple low cost very quick method is just to repeat the customer's name.
Now in my experience I found that when you're dealing with a customer with a very difficult last name and believe me a lot of people have trouble with Unruh.
"Alright I've gone around uh, to all four corners and squared them up and cleaned them up pretty good."
"I want to get little pieces of junk out and I cut a piece of uh, quarter inch Luon."
This is a very thin plywood and I cut it to the same size as this so we're going to go ahead and just uh pop it in the bottom.
"It should fit real tight, there you go, you'll probably have uh, little bits of variations around here."
"It's not real critical uh, sometimes you know just adjust, adjustments of height and the way you hold the router and things like that will affect how this cut is made."
I cut this bottom free hand on a band saw so the edges aren't as straight as they would be if you cut it on a table saw but it still fits ok and it's the bottom so that's what it looks like from the inside.
"So now that we know what materials are needed, we're ready to set up for our project."
What we need for this part is our construction paper.
This part of the process is really making the outline for the butterfly.
"So this is a great time for mom and child to sit, figure out how they want their butterfly to look, talk about the different designs of a butterfly, what colors will they be using and go from there."
"This project should probably done, be done on a big space like a kitchen table."
"You may even want to lay down some plastic table cloth; just because there is glue involved, there's the glitter paint and we want to have a nice clean space."
Remember that these are going to be going up in your house and you want to give some time and thought in to the project.
I like to use the black paper.
You can use a lighter colored paper.
"If you are using black, we need a light colored pencil just to see the outline."
"For the lighter, we can use anything."
"A marker, a darker pencil, all that works."
"For right now, we want to put aside the glitter, we want to put aside the sequence."
We don't need our hanging materials.
We don't even need our tissue paper at this point.
"But I found in the past that if I just take a few moments, bring them in to what it is I'm saying."
Let them know that I know they're being talkative and loud.
Let 'em know that people around 'em are aware that they're being talkative and loud.
"You'll find most cases, most, and there are a few where I've had to use other tactics but the reality of it is once you do that, most people do just what happened in this particular scenario of--once I got involved with 'em, they quieted."
I let 'em know that in a few minutes I'm done and we're off and running and away we go without trying to embarrass them in front of their peers.
"Ok, we're right around the green, but you've hit a shot, and now we've landed in this thick grass."
"So the thick grass does present more challenges, than a nice fairway lie would, or even that sand would, because every type of grass is a little different, and it depends on what time of day you're playing, because in the morning, the grass can be somewhat moist with dew, which makes it a little heavier."
"Other times it could be dried out, later in the day, so the key here, is making sure that you follow through."
"You get the club head through the grass, because if I don't follow through, so let's say, you can see that I'm in some nice, thick grass here."
"Now, we're going to prepare the wheel, for being attached to the wagon."
"When we do that, is we need to take a bead."
"Making the pile of disks thicker, will let, give the beads more space to lay on top of the disks, and not touch each other, because if they touch each other, they will not be able to be laying flat, so first of all, apply, we'll put the first bead."
"We'll glue it in, and set it into the disks, and we'll give it a minute or two to dry, and then we'll be able to turn it over, and put the bead on the other side, as well."
"So just make sure that when you do glue the bead into the hole, that you are lining it up properly, so that the hole in the bead is sitting on top, and that you'll be able to put the wooden stick straight through."
"It has to be a large bead, and it's very important that we get the right size."
"Now, we see that the hole in the disk is obviously too big, to be able to sit on the thin wooden stick, that's coming out of the wagon."
"So this bead is going to make it so that we can put the entire wheel, and have it sit on the wooden sticks, so this bead is going to be glued to the disks, and it's important that obviously, the bead will fit onto the disks, and won't go through the disks."
So it has to be big enough that it will still sit on the outside.
It won't go through the hole.
"It's also important that the hole in the bead, will be big enough to fit onto the wooden stick."
"Now, if you find that the bead, we're going to be placing the bead on each sides of the disks, so if you find that the disk, the pile of disks is not thick enough, because the beads are hitting each other, and not able to sit flat onto the disks."
"You can always add on more disks, to the pile."
Right now what I'd like to do is to start traveling through history with you and I have created this chart which will give you some idea of what I'm talking about.
This is what I'm calling the history of the Roman alphabet.
So we're going to start with these.
"""As bearers of thought letters record, reflect and sustain civilization."""
"All right, we've just worked with the Roman capitals."
"The square capitals are a sort of a variation of the Roman capitals that are considered the book hand whereas this was inscriptional, right?"
People making the letters into stone.
The square capitals was a book hand so they changed.
They were using reed for this.
"And what I'm going to zero in on right now is what we call the rustic capitals which is a book hand and actually, even though this is a book hand, these letters were also brushed onto stone to make posters for the public."
So some of these letters were discovered in Pompeii.
"AMANDA CLAIRE: Now, sometimes you might want to turn on or off more than one thing at a time or you might want to change position between more than one thing at a time."
"And so that's why they make double-pole switches, where--so a double-pole switch, again, can be either single throw, as an on/off, or double throw, in terms of either/or, but you can have multiple poles on it."
"So, kinda like a tongue twister, but that's how you can know what sort of switch you're getting."
So this is a double-pole-single-throw switch.
"It has two sets of terminals, right, two sets of contacts, I don't know if you can see that, it's pretty small, but it has two sets of contacts and it still works as an on/off switch, but you can connect two different things to that switch and turn them both on and off."
"And then just lastly, a double-pole-double-throw switch; again, it has two different positions, which is why it's double throw, it's kind of an either/or switch, you can see this one here, right?"
This is a big one.
"But again, because there's different pairs, you can put two different--you can connect two different, I guess, routings of wires from that switch, okay?"
"So, then just a last thing I'll say about these switches is that, when you buy them, there's a little code that's used."
"It's SPST for single pole, single throw, SPDT, single pole, double throw."
"DPST, double pole, single throw, and DPDT, double pole, double throw."
This style is collar is called a notched collar with a blanket stitch.
"Now, we have seen many many times the notched collar aspect of it comes in here and here."
You cannot see that because that would be like a cross-section.
"But, that is the type of stitch used all along the outer edges to have it be a notched collar with a blanket stitch."
"Remember, this is all one piece when it is sewn together because you are going to have it sewn together here."
The blanket stitch comes from what you do as an after-treatment.
"The blanket stitch is going to be along every edge of your fabric, every outer edge."
"And, think about those, a blanket is stitch is what it sounds like."
"It is stitching that is done on, like say you have one of those fleece blankets you watch TV on your couch with."
"A blanket stitch, look at the end of that blanket, it curves and loops up into it."
"You will see, if you are looking at it flat on, you will see from this top looking at it that it curves like that."
"And then, from the side, you will also see that there is a stitch right there preventing the fraying."
Hi!
Im Jim Dowd at Zoar Outdoor.
"Different manufacturers have different configurations but basically Umpqua, Orvis, Frog Hair and others make wonderful leaders."
Make sure you start out with knotless.
"When you buy the leader, it is a good idea to buy a spool of tippet which is the same diameter as the end of the leader."
"And a little bit later I will show you a knot that you can use to connect new sections of leader as you replace the end when it gets chewed up by a trout, if you are changing flies and so on."
"In all of the presentations youve seen so far, Ive been casting with a 7  foot leader which connects the fly line through a thick section at the end of the leader at the fly line, and tapers all the way down through 7  feet to a thin section that goes to the fly or in this case the yarn fly."
What this does is it provides a relatively invisible connection between you and the fish.
The taper allows the momentum to carry forward right down the fly line through the leader and into the fly.
"A good general purpose selection to begin with would be a 7  foot leader, because a relatively short leader is easier to use, it turns over the momentum much better."
So here for example this is a 7  foot knotless 3X leader.
The strength on this leader is about 8 pound test.
"This, on the other hand, is a 9 foot 3X leader, which is 8 pound test."
"It's a history, a living history, paper, paper, paper."
"Just make sure that you take care of your paper because just like every other piece of collectibles condition is everything so pieces that are torn or damaged or water soiled, the value just goes down dramatically so it is all about condition so enjoy your paper and treat it with kindness."
"I'm Jan, see ya."
"Hi, I'm Jennifer Cail."
You'll probably need to scrape the bowl down at least once will beating it to make sure to get all of the butter off.
Now it's ready for the next step.
Now that our butter has been creamed it's time to add the next ingredients.
"We are going to add 3/4 of a cup of sugar, you happen to have an odd size 3/4 cup measuring cup that is always much easier to work with."
Otherwise you'll use your half cup and your 1/4 cup to measure and you just want to scoop the sugar into your cup.
It's granulated sugar so you don't have to worry about packing it down or not.
Then pour it into your butter mixture or the creamed butter.
We are going to start your mixer on a lower speed to just start incorporating a little bit this is going to cause it to be almost like clumps of butter surrounded by the sugar.
Then you are going to turn the mixer up just a little bit.
Now with our butter and sugar fully incorporated you can see that it's a nice fluffy consistency.
You just want to cut it in half.
Now we've got 2 halves.
"Once again, you can go ahead and just wrap one of these up and save it for later, or go ahead and squeeze them both now."
We've got a juicer.
You just want to press down.
"As we press down, turn either counterclockwise or clockwise."
It's up to you.
"We've got a strainer to catch all of the seeds and some of the pulp, so that's good."
You just want to squeeze.
"Then what you want to do is you want to squeeze the edges of the lemon, because as you're squeezing the lemon itself, a lot of the pulp comes out to the edges."
You want to make sure you squeeze all of it.
Keep turning.
"Discard this, give it a nice twist, and there you go."
Fresh lemon juice.
You just want to roll it.
Now you can see the lemon's kind of soft.
Give it a good squeeze.
This is Oak at Painted Temple Tattoo and if you are looking to become an apprentice to learn how to tattoo don't attempt it yourself.
Don't think you know what you're doing by watching some sitcom on TV about some people tattooing.
Don't just think you know what you're doing and try to wing it.
It's not sufficient.
You need to go learn from somebody who is sufficient in the tattooing field.
If you're a good artist maybe you want to apply your art to skin or tattooing.
If you're serious about it then go learn from somebody who knows what they're doing.
Today we're going to talk about how to pick out a fresh kiwi.
When looking for a fresh kiwi it kind of depends on whether you like them a little bit softer or whether you like them a little bit more firm.
"If you're really not sure about which kind of kiwi you're going to enjoy, like I said the ones that are a little more golden like that are going to be a little bit more tender, or a little bit more solid, sorry, a little bit more firm, and the darker ones are going to be a little bit more squishy."
If you're really not sure which one you like you can ask the produce manager at the farm market to take them to the back and cut one open for you or cut them both open for you and he'll give you a taste test and you can go off of that judgment as to which ones you're going to come out here and pick for yourself to take home.
"Hi I'm Emily Larew, and we are working on our intermediate tap steps."
We're going to take a look at how to do a triple drawback.
"Those were your single, double, and triple drawbacks all combined after you learn your triple drawback."
"So, remember if you looked previously at our double drawbacks, we just added another heel."
"So this time we have three heels, okay."
"So, knees bent, weight forward, we're going to do brush, heel, step, front, back, so that's your three heel sounds."
"Brush, heel, step, front, back, one more time, brush, heel, step, front, back."
"Again keep your body and your tap steps like right underneath your body, because otherwise it's going to be really hard to make it fast."
"Brush, heel, step, front, back, brush, heel, step, front, back, brush, heel, step, front, back, brush, heel, step, front, back, da da da da da, alright."
"So if we want to go ahead and add like a combination with our singles, doubles, and triples, we would do it like this."
"And a one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, awesome."
There are many different types of mountain bikes that you can take our for general ride in the woods.
Today I have chosen one specific type that I might make my ride a little bit more challenging in some of the other bikes that you could choose.
You can ride a $500 bike and learn maybe more of the back then a bike that cost $5000 because the bike isn't you know correcting so many of your mistakes.
"My bike has no suspension in the front, not suspension in the rear, it does have a full set of gears and really good brakes."
But this bike not having any suspension in the front of the rear you know other bikes has springs and damper up to like 5-6 inches of travel that people use for this sort of application.
"But having suspension allows you to do is take lines that are rougher, it keeps your bike more stable and level in rough terrain and it keeps your tires on the ground so you can get better tractions so you can brake later you can turn harder and all that other sort of stuff."
"Hi, I'm Richard Goms."
"We're here in Salt Lake City, Utah."
"Another way if you're looking for the birth date of a deceased person, there are a number of sources."
There is the social security death index.
There is the state in which they died or the state in which they were born.
There is the newspaper announcements of their birth and of their death that might list their birth date.
There's a variety of different ways of finding out a birth date of a deceased person.
We're talking about how to find someone's birth date.
There area a number of ways of doing this for both living and deceased persons.
"You could go on line to google.com, you could put in whatever information you know about the person, it may bring up information such as their birth date."
"You could go on a number of different search engines, MySpace, Blogger, Facebook."
"You can then type in information to get to their profile, and find out their birth date from their profile."
There is a website called classmates.com.
You do need to be a classmate in order to get the information.
You need to create your own profile and graduate from that same school in order to get the information on your classmates.
The binding is the device that physically holds you to the snowboard.
The binding pretty much looks a lot like this.
You're going to use a hard plastic boot.
It has either a bone out strap; and a strap that goes over your toe.
It might have a bone out strap with a toe strap like this that goes over the end of your toes.
It might have one pad on top for both the bone out and the toe and your high back will fold down so you can enter through the back.
It might not have any straps on it what so ever.
In which those are called step ins.
You have a prong on the side of your boot.
"They might not even be snowboard bindings at all if you have an alpine or racing board, because yours are going to look a lot similar to a ski binding."
Flat to the board and you're not going to use a snowboarding boot.
We just stretched out the hips so let's balance now our center or our core.
"So Julie is going to lift up out of pigeon pose, swing that right leg around as you shift the weight into the left hip."
At any time if you feel pressure on the low back bend the knees or clasp the hands around the back side of the knees to release that pressure keeping the energy focused on the abdominals.
That's great.
Then I'm going to place a blanket underneath the tail bone for this next position.
You may or may not need the blanket.
"So you are going to bring the knees towards the chest, lift the heart towards the sky and then lean back a little bit, lifting the feet off the floor a tiny degree."
So that's one variation.
If you would like you can straighten the legs completely.
This is boat pose or navasana.
"It is very trying on that center so breath deeply trying to keep the chest up, pretend that there is a nice candle and a flame flickering behind you and you want to lift away from that flame."
"So you are keeping your boat out of the water, keeping the legs extended."
"OK, now we're going to be using the seven iron, which is, this one is thirty six degree loft, which means you can see that it's angles pretty substantially still."
"So this club as we go down, the clubs are going to be hitting the ball further and further."
"So, a seven iron is going to hit the ball further than an eight iron, further than a nine iron."
"So this club, for most good recreational players they're hitting it from a hundred and forty to about one hundred and seventy."
"And the big variation is some players are stronger, some are taller, some have better swings, and so on and so forth."
"But this club is very useful once again, so if you're not a four hundred yard power for and you've hit a two hundred fifty yard drive, you've got a seven iron for most players into the green."
So this shot is the shot that really can make or break the hole.
"So if this shot is accurate, you have a good chance of making a putt in one or two putts."
Today we're going to be talking about buying a new car.
So make sure that you find out exactly what you're needs are when it comes to a new automobile purchase before you go out and invest your time in looking at a new car.
There are lots of places to look in order to do research.
Edmunds.
Get online and find out about your car and what kind of safety ratings it has and what kind of other options and benefits the car provides that you're most interested in.
"Again, doing research will save you a lot of time in the long run so don't forget to do it."
In this segment we're going to be talking about researching your new car purchase.
"Anytime you go out and purchase a new product, be sure that you find out the most that you can to avoid any mishaps or problems."
"In this case, what that means to you is so that you're not wasting your time and everyone else's time."
"Before you go out to your local dealership to purchase a new car, make sure its that car that you're looking for."
Make sure that car offers you the gas mileage you're looking for and it also offers you the features you're looking for.
"If you're needing something in a larger SUV type, don't go look at a Honda, 'cause they don't offer a large SUV."
Go look at another manufacturer that offers a large SUV.
"If you've got 12 kids, you may want to go look at a van or a minivan."
"Okay, so now that we have our disc we are going to take it back out of the kiln and light up our torch and get it hot again and then I am going to take the parallel mashers here and we are going to try to mash it flat."
"Now using a marver like I did there will help your glass, like I said, keep its color as opposed to letting the flame do all the work for you because the flame can do what I just did and ball the glass up into a disc or a glob but you run the risk of burning the colors actually out of the glass so using your instruments definitely helps the colors stay."
"Alright so we have got this pretty hot and now I am going to smash it down, kind of shape it here."
Alright see that is still pretty thick in there and that is what we want and we have got enough area here to get us a nice stringer.
"Alright so we have flattened it out, flattened our disc."
Hi!
We got this by adding the 2 numbers together and thee sticking the answer in the middle.
Let's try a little bit harder now.
11x69.
"We know that 6+9=15, but 15 is a little too big to go in the middle."
"What we do is we keep the 5 in the middle and carry the 1 over to the first number, which makes it 7."
Now we have 759.
"Whenever you're doing math in your head, the most important part is being able to visualize the numbers."
"The more you practice, the better you're going to get."
Most people know the trick for finding 11 multiplied by a single digit.
"For example, 11x7=77."
It gets a little more difficult when we want to multiply 11 by 2 digit numbers.
Let's take 11x25 as our example.
The first step is to take 25 and separate the 2 and 5 into two separate numbers.
Then we want to add 2 and 5 together to equal 7.
7 goes right between the 2 and the 5.
275 is the answer.
Hey welcome to my studio everybody.
My name is Lars Erik Robinson.
So her face was angled a little bit this way.
"So when I went to go draw her body with that, I actually did."
"I have her actually turn in the same direction as the face is, and having to try to create a movement with her."
"And the reason I put the arm here, with the body, is you want to be able to have an inter-relation between the bigger head and the smaller body by having maybe something come out perspective."
Coming right at you.
And then one going back.
So you can tell here this arm is bigger than this one here.
So it gives it a little bit more understanding that you're actually right there with them.
"On him you know I wanted to create a powerful look, and having just the buttons pop out just like Superman use to do it."
And you try to create a dimension by having his legs go back.
My company is LarsEr Arts All Around Art-tainment.
So if that explains to you guys a little bit more how you relate bodies with the bigger heads.
"Basically sometimes you don't even have to show their neck that much, you could just show the shoulders here."
Especially on guys with big shoulder muscles.
And then I hope that explains a little bit to you more about what we go through as an artist to get our bodies on your caricatures.
"You might wonder when you see caricatures in a theme park or at the pier somewhere, how do they figure out how to put the body's on these caricatures, and how they figure how to do the different poses for them."
"Well obviously what I drew for these two people here, they didn't have these poses like this."
"So I try to think about how there personalities are, and they tell me about what they like, and sometimes you just ask the client what are the kinds of things that you're interested in."
"And usually they would tell you, ""Oh I love Wonder Woman,"" or ""I love Superman."""
Okay you can go from there and illustrate that.
So how am I going to create Wonder Woman in her pose.
And how am I going to have that relate to how her picture is.
"Determining your skin type is easy and can help you in choosing cosmetics, moisturizers and cleansing products that are right for your type of skin."
I'm Jackie Silver with Aging Backwards with how to determine your skin type.
A tight feeling or flaky skin residue that's not oily indicates dry skin type.
Remember it's easy to determine your skin type with just a few tissues and a keen eye.
"Wash your face with a mild cleanser, rinse it and pat dry."
"Wait about one hour, note whether your face feels tight."
"Press a tissue onto your chin, and look for an oily residue or a flaky skin residue."
"Repeat the process with a new tissue each time on the center of your cheeks, your outer cheeks, the center of your forehead, outer forehead and your nose."
Oil on each tissue indicates an oily skin type.
"While oil on some of the tissues such as the t zone which is the center of the forehead, the chin, nose and center of the cheeks, indicates combination skin."
Most of us have combination.
No oily or flaky residue of any kind indicates normal skin.
This next exercise goes along with one of the previous exercises the ab-ductors.
"This is for the abductors, your inner tight muscles."
Go for it!
It's important to work with this exercise because it will help give you balance and support especially in other exercises down the road.
Also your abductors coincide in a support mechanism with the obliques.
"So if you're looking for some nice abs, doing these inner tight muscles will help it along."
Go ahead sit on the machine and make sure your pelvis is against the back of the seat.
Then lift the lever and slide the stirrups out as wide as you can with a comfortableness in your legs.
Don't go too wide but go wide enough so you can feel that your inner tight muscles are stretching as far as the can without any discomfort.
Then as you close your knees together and your feet together be sure to exhale and tighten up your abdominals.
All the while try to remain nice and tall through your spine as you work and keep refirming contractions through your abdominals as you close your legs.
This is standard relaxation therapy for the ears.
"That's right, the ears."
"A lot of people don't get their ears massaged, during a massage but if you think about it, unless you've got specific sensitivity to your ears, gentle stroking of the ears, the ear lobe, can be incredibly relaxing."
"And even gentle tugging, on the ears, starting at the tops, tugging out and down towards the table in this case a little bit."
"What this helps to do is all of these muscles that come up into the back of the head, even the ones from the face, tugging on the ears that way and massaging the ears actually helps to loosen a lot of those muscles."
And ties directly into the central nervous system.
"It can create an extremely, extremely relaxing effect for the person."
And that's going to be general relaxation therapy for the ears.
"For Sarah, we're going to do square with a rounded edge."
Then I'm filing the tip.
This is how you file the nails after you've applied the acrylic.
"After you've done the first five, you're just going to do the same to the other hand."
And then just hold them out and make sure that they match up evenly.
"That way she's got the durability of square in her everyday life of the things that she picks up, especially being that she's a trainer and has to pick up weights."
"The rounded edge we're going to give her on the corners is just so she doesn't scratch herself, scratch any of her clients, or tear any of her clothes or pantyhose."
You could also do a round nail.
"You could do a straight square nail, where you have pointy ends."
"Or you could have an oval nail, which is tapered at the top."
Hold on to your nail file so that it doesn't come flying out your hand like it just did.
What I'm doing is just making sure that there isn't any acrylic or glue stuck on to her skin.
I'm filing the sides first to make sure that they come out straight.
"From warrior I, we're going to continue through the sun salutation."
"So we're in warrior I; the inhale is going to be to invite both palms to the earth, and the exhale is going to invite the left foot back into plank; high plank."
Now we're looking to have the hips directly in line with the shoulders.
"Oftentimes, people need to lift their hips, because they just don't have the core stability."
"We can do this here, lengthening out the crown of your head; draw from the front of your body, top of the pubis, right through the sternum, right through, draw that in for strength."
The next thing that you're able to do is release the knees.
This is going to make the pose more available to you.
She still needs to lengthen through the crown of her head.
"And if it's still too much work for the lower back, for the abs, she's going to walk her knees in even closer, coming into table, but still have some work going on in the shoulders."
She's still asking the core of her body to do some work.
"To get you started, you're going to need a nail file."
"For a natural nail, you're going to want to use a 180 grit."
"For an acrylic or gel nail, you're going to want to use something a little rougher."
There's also 100 grits.
There's 240 grits.
You can also find these at your local supply store.
You're also going to need a buffer.
"They come in white buffing box, also known as polar blocks."
"You're going to need one with a fine side, and a rough side."
It's to buff the nail and make sure there are no lines or ridges in the nail.
"And once they have that completed, they add any minor alterations that need to be done, just a little bit of this color, a little bit of that color until they dial it in perfectly and that's how they do it."
"In this clip, we're going to talk about the rule of thirds."
The rule of thirds is basically is a compositional rule of thumb.
Instead of just putting the subject in the dead center of your frame.
"Now technically, the dead center is used to make a point."
In terms of photography and video and painting.
"And if you put an object in the dead center, it's supposed to be the clear focal point."
It's supposed to be sort of a power pose in my mind.
It's looks like more imposing.
If you throw someone or something into the right corner or the left corner.
As the case maybe.
It changes everything.
It makes it a little bit more visually pleasing.
"In photography, painting, art and any sort of visual medium."
"And it's not really clear, exactly why this is."
It's just the human brain and the human eye.
This point has been trained to accept that this is the correct and most visually pleasing way to frame your picture or drawing.
As the case may be.
So while framing is largely a relative thing.
And if you decide to be off on guard.
"And you know, break all the rules."
"You can frame your drawings, any way you like."
"However, if you want to be taken seriously."
You will follow the principle of the rule of thirds.
"It essentially is, basically this."
"Always keeping in mind, your nine separate framing boxes."
"In your drawings, designs, photographs, whatever."
"That is essentially, what the rule of thirds is."
"You draw two imaginary lines, vertically."
"And two imaginary lines, horizontally in an image."
Drawing these lines creates nine separate boxes in an image.
"And the idea is, by aligning your, the focus of your design or drawing or video."
Within one of these nine boxes.
"You're creating a more visually, aesthetically pleasing shot or image or painting."
The drink we are about to make is a Banana Rum Cream.
"The first thing we are going to do is put some ice in a glass here and we are going to do one shot of dark Rum, any dark Rum will do, hey watch out."
"Follow it up with a half a shot of Creme De Banana, there we go to give it that nice banana flavor and the last thing we are going to do is add about a shot of light cream and let's mix this all together and any time you add a Creme De Banana it is going to have a really nice strong smelling banana scent to it and we'll get it all mixed together, get it all nice and frothy with the cream, set up a glass."
"Pour that nice frothy drink in there, there we go, give it a straw and bottoms up."
What we want to talk about is how to keep our receivers in a position to make an easy catch and be able to score for your team.
You want to catch it real soft into our hands and bring in to you.
Imagine this was made of glass and you're really trying to protect it.
You want to catch it and bring it in.
We're going to show you what it looks like when our receiver comes across and catches the ball chest high or above.
"You can see he does a great job of getting his hands out, he doesn't go get the ball, he lets the ball come to him nice and soft, cradles it, turns it up field looking for the touchdown."
"First, we have to run a good pattern."
After the guy runs a good pattern and gets open and the quarterback makes a good throw we have to make sure we make the catch.
I want to talk about one strategy of making a catch.
When the quarterback throws the ball at the chest or higher you have to go up and make the catch with your hands.
You cannot try to make a catch to the side with a cradle hand position.
If it's thrown over the top of you then you can cradle it behind you.
"But, if it's thrown right to you, you have to go out with your hands."
You don't want to go get the ball because alot of times it you'll hit the ball and it will ricochet off your hands.
"Hi, I'm Arthur Noxon, president of Acoustic Sciences."
Right now we're going to talk about how to make an acoustic barrier.
"When you're using a product like this, you have bass isolation, because of the weight, and you have treble isolation, because of the glass."
"Now the bass is isolated, but it's reflected back into the area that it came from, because this amount of material is not enough to absorb much bass, 2 inches of fiberglass only absorbs down to about a half an octave below middle C. So a gobo that reflects bass, remember, it keeps the bass inside of the recording space where the bass was coming from, so it causes more bass to be inside the gobo space."
Okay.
Now the purpose of this barrier is to be inside of a home studio.
"This is an interesting version, this is more of a finished product, but it's a form of a gobo."
"A hard heavy interior core, but with absorption on both sides."
"Now you have an instrument here, and an instrument here, you've got a bass barrier between the instruments, and you have a treble range absorber on either side."
"So that is the typical gobo assembly. And in our case, we take a piece of 2 by 4, we make a little notch here, and a little notch here, take a piece of medite, or we can take a piece of hardy board, or backer board, glue it into the notch, and you have a frame with a bass barrier in the middle that's holding it all together, and then you have absorption on either side of it, and then cover it with fabric, staple the fabric on, and you're done."
"And now the second purpose of a barrier is usually to separate one instrument from another instrument, so that the mics associated with recording one instrument aren't picking up bleed from the next door neighbor, these are typically called gobos."
"And so now, a gobo is, there's different kinds of gobos, and so the first and most common one would be a sound absorbing gobo."
So this is 2 inch air conditioning duct board.
"This is a sound absorbing panel, 2 inches is the minimum thickness that we use in our company."
"Ok, now that we have the parsley seeds planted and covered."
Were going to water them in and we can?t always count on rain.
"So we want to make sure it?s watered in really, really good."
Now depending on the size of your patch.
Depends on how many buckets you want to pull in.
"OK, there we go that will do it."
In the middle of Tennessee here we have lots of rain here this spring but were having about four to five to six days of no rain and I want to make sure that these parsley seeds come up.
So I am going to water them in really good.
This insures that the germination will happen and we will have a successful crop of fresh parsley for the table.
In our house we eat lots and lots of parsley.
Parsley goes into our pates.
Parsley goes into our salads.
Parsley goes into crackers that we make.
We eat lots and lots of parsley.
"I'm with Landscape Restorations in Miami, Florida."
"It will get too big for the location and it will eventually get to be a real hazard, especially in a wind storm."
"Here in Miami we have hurricanes, tornadoes and other things."
Wrong plant; wrong place.
Beware of what happens when the trees grow up.
This will also drop palm fronds right into a parking lot right into a drive way.
Be careful.
"We're here at Palm Hammock Orchid Estate and we're talking about planting, and fertilizing."
The title of this clip is trees and puppies grow up.
"Just like giraffes and tiger cubs and puppies and kittens, trees grow up."
Here's a good example of the wrong plant in the wrong place.
"We have a wood planter box here filled with beautiful begonias and crotans and geraniums, and then we have a little problem right here."
"Here's royal palm that looked good when it went in as a pot, but tree is going to grow up to be a street size tree."
This will be easily 50 or 60 feet tall.
It will demolish this planter box.
Hello!
I'm Sifu Mallon with the Clearwater Kung Fu Center.
"Again, so goes one, two, three."
The side step is to get your body off center.
"So that means, if I'm stepping right here, I step here and my body still stays here."
That means that the attacker can still hit me.
So I want a side step and move my body.
"The block, one, two, side step, move the body."
O.k.
"So Melissa, you're facing me, right?"
And I'm the attacker.
"So I'm going to throw, I'm going to throw my right hand."
This is my assistant Melissa.
"Melissa's going to come up with her right hand going outside block, one."
O.k.
Now out here and now left hand here.
So these two movements are simultaneous.
"Now she's going to step forward, her left foot."
And lunge and push me off to the side.
That's it.
The idea with this block is to use your opponent's energy.
"Meaning that, as I'm coming this way, right."
"And you're doing one and two, three and push."
And this is women's self defense tactics.
You're using my energy to push me past you.
"Again, that's it."
"This is double outside block, women's self defense."
"This one that we're working right now, is called our double outside block."
"To practice one, you stand with your feet, shoulder width apart."
"You're going to bring your right hand blocking, outside block."
"Your left hand comes behind it or actually in front of it, palm block."
"You're going to side step to the side, with your left foot."
"And then, you're going to push to your right."
"Today we're going to have some fun talking about some antique-like, types of things, collectibles mostly that, that you can still buy that are sleepers, that are imports."
Japan has different date lines and we're going to start covering those.
"What you should look for, and how to identify, the Japan date lines, in terms of the names on the bottom of the cups and how they're made."
"So, Japan, occupied Japan, which one is it?"
Should I buy it?
Maybe not but we'll find out today on our segment about imports.
"These imports are going to be really exciting but before I talk about those, let me talk about me, for a minute."
Let?s make it about me.
"Like I said, my name is Jan and I have an antique store in Pomona, it's called Antique Avenue."
"I used to be a College Administrator but I hated it, boring, so I decided to become an antique appraiser, which is a heck of a lot more fun and it's more relevant, if you ask me."
"So I decided to be an antique appraiser and I opened my shop, in Pomona and so you can come anytime."
Bring your trash or treasure and we'll take a look at it for you.
"So, that's my expertise, trash and treasure, very exciting."
"So today, like I said, we're going to be talking about imports and we're going to focus on Japan."
"Although you may compete in some triathlons, especially in the spring that have pool swims, a true triathlon takes an open water swim."
And there are some special considerations when competing in an open water swim.
"The poorer swimmer you are, the more you'll gain time with the wet suit."
"If you have really good body position already, the wet suit won't pick up a lot of time but most people will see a three to five second per hundred improvement and that's a really nice thing."
"Another nice thing, of course is that you're going to be able to wear what you're going to run and bike in underneath the wet suit and then just peel it off and be ready to go."
"So even though you're going to lose a bit of time taking a wet suit off, you gain it by having that gear on underneath."
Some other specifics when you think about open water swimming is you need to get used to starting fast.
It's real easy to get lulled into the group your with.
So you want to get off the line quick and you could practice that in swimming by doing some fast fifties right before you do your long sets or something like that to get out and then quickly settle into your rhythm.
"You don't want to just kind of ease into the thing you get into a slow group. If you have the opportunity to go to a lake to swim with a little triathlon club or something like that to practice open water swimming, it's a great thing to do."
"You could practice drafting off somebody, what it's like to swim right close behind and again that's just best experienced by doing it."
Some of them you can address in training and some of them really just need to be addressed by the experience of doing the races.
"Some other things you can practice in the pool, sighting."
"In an open water swim, every six or eight strokes, you need to chop the stroke short and stick your head up."
Staying on course is a whole other aspect of open water swimming.
"So try to pick something on the shore line, not the buoy that you're swimming for, but a boat ramp or a home or lamp pole or something so that if you've got a sea of bright orange caps in front of you, that you still know what you're swimming for."
So those are some real key and specific things for when you tackle that open water swim.
"One of the most basic tips: put on your goggles, then put the cap on over top of the goggles and that way, if you collide with somebody and their hand drags along your head, it won't rip your goggles off."
You need to practice swimming in your wet suit.
Swimming in a wet suit is completely different than swimming without one.
"You'll probably use one to two strokes less per length, you'll glide more and you'll ride higher in the water."
"So, you can take it into the pool and swim a bit in it just to get accustomed to it."
It feels very different.
It's very efficient.
"Maybe you went down to your specialty tea store and you bought a Green and a Black, and maybe you bought a Rooibos or a White tea."
Maybe you bought a whole bunch of different kinds because you wanted to try them all.
You're going to need a way to store that tea.
"Now, generally when you buy tea, it's going to come in either a metal canister or an opaque, zipper sealed plastic bag."
Those are great things to store your tea in.
"I can also recommend that if, maybe, you bought your tea in bulk from the grocery store or something like that, you put it in something that is air tight."
"It might be a container like this, or even a plastic bag."
"And, light could have harmful effects on you tea."
"If you do store it in a clear plastic bag, it's great because it's air tight, but you might want to store it inside a cupboard or cabinet someplace where the light is not going to get to it."
"Okay, the toss, the purpose of the toss is to get the ball in good position so you can hit the serve."
"So if I toss the ball way over my head, I'm not going to be able to hit that serve very comfortably."
You can go and get a little basket or whatever.
"But what I want people to do, you just take a ball, and you just toss it through the hoop, which isn't as easy as it looks even for somebody that has practiced as much as me."
It still isn't that easy.
"So you want to just practice like that, or you can come out here and just try to make a basket."
"So if you do this, your toss will improve dramatically."
"There's a lot more technical issues with the toss, but if you just start with learning to toss it up into a target, you'll be amazed at how quickly your toss improves, and your serve."
So you want to learn to toss it right up there so you can hit the ball consistently.
"Take any other sport, if you watch golfers, they're going to line the ball up where they can hit it."
So in tennis you want to get the toss right where you can hit it comfortably for the serve that you want to hit.
"Now the toss looks pretty easy to the casual player, which is why nobody ever practices it."
"But if you practice your toss just a little bit, your toss will improve, and when your toss improves, guess what?"
"Your serve improves, because it's a lot easier to hit the ball right there every time than it is, one time over there, one time over there."
So what I've done is I've rigged up a little practice device on the fence here.
This is just a hanger.
I'm Dr. Joe Neely I practice with the Barton Oaks Dental Group.
I'm going to talk about the history of the toothbrush.
"So truthfully the smaller the toothbrush usually, the better."
"Need is definitely necessity is the mother of invention I believe is how that goes. And the toothbrush basically started as a stick that had been chewed on, and the end of the stick became softened and somewhat frayed."
And the stick was used to basically go across and scrape your teeth.
"Early on there was also the use of bone, there are actually bone things that had been found by archaeologist that look to resemble toothpicks."
Because of the essence stuck in between your teeth you need something slender to slide in there and push it out.
"Over time like any cleaning aid, people who were merchants found new ways to make them more efficient."
Or in the case of most modern toothbrushes more elaborate and interesting looking so that you can sell them.
"But basically all a toothbrush is, is a cleaning tool that's of the appropriate size and shape to clean the object that you're trying to clean."
I will be your therapist for today.
"I have been doing massage for about eight years now, and I studied at Englewood School of Massage in New Jersey and I have a license in New York, New Jersey, California and Atlanta."
"Currently, I work here in Venice at Paypony Nail and Day Spa, 853 Lincoln Boulevard."
"Today, we're going to focus on carpal tunnel and anything that has to do with any tension in your forearms, okay?"
"So usually, carpal tunnel is attributed to typing, anything that has to do with continuous use of the wrist; a number of things, you could have injured your wrist, fall on your wrist and never quite rehabbed it properly."
So what we're going to do is we're going to try to relieve any type of tension.
"We're going to do the stretching, and we're going to do everything that we can to make you feel much better in your wrist and joints around your hand and forearm."
"MAAD's mission is to stop drunk driving, support the victims of this violent crime, and to prevent underage drinking."
"That is a very comprehensive mission, but it is also very focused at the same time."
"That's though working with legislation, that's through working with education, that's with working with judicial system and law enforcement."
Those are our four kind of main pillars that we've got.
And we're making a huge impact.
You can see across the United States that it is visible and we are out there trying to make a difference and save lives.
"We go in and we work with law enforcement, we work with families, we work with hospitals."
We work with all kinds of other service organizations to go in and try and stop drunk driving.
"We go in with the prevention part of it, underage drinking, too."
"The earlier, studies show, the earlier that youth actually consume alcohol, which on average now is about twelve years old, the more likely they are to have a dependency problem or to have drunk driving in their future."
So we try and go in and get to the root of the problem.
"We start with our programs in early youth and we continue those throughout, outreach throughout the community throughout the entire year."
To try and make sure we're accomplishing our goals.
"MAAD, on a national level since we began in 1980, we're saying our estimates show that we've been able to save 330,000 lives."
What I'm doing here is I'm just kind of finishing up shaping my little orchid here.
What I'm going to do is take these leaves and I think I'm going to fold them over one more time down here.
Just a little bit more.
Then I'm going to take them in my chopstick just really put a real good twist on them.
Cause when you see the plant they have the leaves here and they twist as with age.
They just kind of twist and hang down and you can just manually grab it and twist it by hand if you want to.
Just what ever it takes to give it the plant look that it really deserves.
"Give it a little bit here, a little more here, a little fold here."
Just grab it and just twist it all along up here.
Just work with it a little bit and this how your golden slipper plant should look of course I'm going to work with it a little bit more to get it to looking right but essentially this is how you do it.
I also sculpt in wood.
And wood is probably one of the oldest forms of sculpture.
In the northwest area of the United States here the people do totem poles.
The do different totems in other countries also that represent families.
I mean it doesn't... if the civilization were to die and the wood ends up on the ground you're not going to find it.
"And now that I have the log, I'm going to take my sketch book and put down what I think I want to create with this piece."
"So I get my sketch book, open it up."
"I was inspired by my wife's father, who was a war hero."
"And when he passed away, I decided I was going to do a war memorial piece."
And I'm going to name it Eternal Hero.
All is basically is is this: I'm going to follow the line of the sculpture.
I'm going to follow the line of the log or the tree.
And my sketches are very simple.
I want the arms to come up like this.
I do very simple sketches.
And it's not uncommon for me to use a lot of little squirrels to get the shape of the body.
And I want the legs to go down like this.
And then he's going to have a medal of honor up here.
"To bring the energy to the piece, I will put gold leaf on the faces, gold leaf on the faces and on the hands and on the medal."
"There are very primitive wood sculptures that are found. I mean my work, actually, I consider kind of primitive because, I don't know, I drew a lot of my concepts from ester island."
And the piece will be painted to make it look like bronze.
I love these tall slender pieces that I do.
And the question is how to preserve it.
Today we have much better ways of preserving it.
And I love working with wood also because it's just so organic.
And today I'm going to demonstrate how I sculpt in wood.
"HI, I am Lisa Goldsworthy with ACE Carpet and Upholstery Care in Denver, Colorado."
"And in this segment, we are going to talk about what you should do when you have a spill on your carpet."
I am getting a lot of liquid out.
Continue to blot until the area is dry.
"Now, you will find with any spill, especially one of that magnitude, that was quite a bit of liquid that went in there, it goes through the bottom."
"In this particular case, I feel that it is wet, however, we don't see the color in here."
But it is wet.
So you just want to blot.
"And already, already, this carpet sample pretty dry to the touch."
"Again, the Scotchgard helped us but even a carpet without the Scotchgard, if your carpet is older, its okay."
Just this blotting technique really does a lot.
So that?s really the most important thing you can do in a spill; is take a white towel and blot it.
"Take immediate action, got the spill, take immediate action."
And be patient.
You want it dry as soon as possible.
So the other thing I would highly recommend is to take a fan and just put it on the area and let it dry.
"Now look. Its kind of matted down a little bit from my blotting right? So, just take it, bring that carpet nap up."
Bring it back up.
And the reason why you want to do that is because then the air flow can get in through this carpet and that you decrease that drying time.
You want to get that carpet as dry as possible as quickly as possible.
"So, good job."
"First thing is to take a white towel, white cotton tile and blot."
"Never scrub, never ever scrub."
Look what I got just from that blotting right there.
And just be patient and blot.
Put some muscle in to it.
Just continue your blotting.
Okay?
"Okay, how to identify cardiac arrest."
"As we discussed earlier, cardiac arrest is a loss of responsiveness, absence of breathing, and the absence of pulse."
You've already started the first two steps.
"First, you have early recognition."
"Second, you start early CPR."
"Next, you need to activate the 9-1-1 system and summon help, and then, advance life support treatment can be initiated on this patient."
"To do that, if you find a person laying on the ground or sitting in their chair, that appears to be asleep, see if they can wake up."
You can do that by shaking them or shouting at them.
"If they do not respond, check to see if they're breathing, and look, listen, and feel is usually what's taught in CPR classes."
Check for a pulse.
"You can check a pulse either on the radial pulse, or at your carotid."
"If you do not feel a pulse, if they're unresponsive and not breathing, then they are in cardiac arrest."
"When you have identified somebody that is in cardiac arrest, CPR needs to be started immediately."
The basic chain of survival needs to be followed.
"This potential neck opening, is not someone with a napkin, tied around their neck in order to eat dinner."
She's not going to eat any barbecue anytime soon.
"That's why it looks kind of like a napkin, around your neck."
"But the knots, right there, are created by bunching a wider, width of fabric into a smaller width and then you have your knots."
"But, this is an opening that has knotted shoulders."
The point of this is to create variation in your styles.
You can flip it upside-down and have the knots at the bottom if you wanted to.
"What the knotted shoulders show you, is that there's two, the knots can either be faux knots, that are placed there and then have it sewn closed or you could actually have the garment go on, kind of, I guess kind of like a diaper."
But a top.
"And there's, your front piece is one piece, and then your back piece is another piece."
And they come up over the shoulders and tie together.
That's how the garment stays on.
Hi I'm Les Whitley and I would like to take a few moments right now and tell you how to train for the shot put.
The shot put is a very popular olympic event which requires a lot of power and force to overcome the weight and gravity of an object such as the shot put itself.
Physics in overcoming gravity and utilizing your body to propel an object through space at an appropriate angle where the geometry comes into it.
"Ideally between not quite a 90, not quite flat out but somewhere around a 45 degree angle to get the shot put to travel at an appropriate distance to cover maximal ground."
"Next becomes position whether you utilize the glide technique where your body is actually traveling through a straight line as you approach the ring, body moving back the shot put is placed back, you are balancing off of one leg."
"You are actually traveling in a linear position pushing your body back, rotating through, extending the body and pushing through that arc, maintaining that 45 degree angle as the shot put leaves."
"The other is the rotational spin where if you had imagined the circle being here, the body goes into a power position, you actually spin through, block through and accelerate the shot put through."
"The basic technique involves tucking under the chin, the arm accelerates through the body rotates through using the leg drive, rotational force of the body."
Block with the arm to cause the opposite side to push through as you drive the object of the shot put through space.
"That requires a lot of explosive power that is developed through strength training, strength training utilizing the lower body as well as the upper body exercises such as the squat, the overhead press or olympic movements such as the clean and jerk or the olympic snatch."
The goal there is to move an object through space as quickly as possible.
The olympic movements are exactly that and train the body to recruit maximal power for a very short period of time to cover a lot of ground in moving weights through space.
The next thing becomes technique.
You can be extremely strong and have poor technique and be a pretty decent shot putter.
You can have great technique and not be very strong and your shot put is not going to go as far.
So it is important to have a good balance of technique as well as strength.
The shot put involves basic aspects of geometry and physics.
Next we come to shoes.
Also again you don't want too loose kind of like the worker solid sturdy look of your shoe that you are going to be wearing as a scarecrow.
Some scarecrows don't have shoes as I have already said.
But of course you are not going to be walking around barefoot.
That would look a little bit funny.
And also you are going to want a shoe which has a higher top to it.
Why is that?
Low top shoes we are going to have some stuff coming out of the bottom of the pant leg that we are going to go into later.
You are going to want a good sturdy shoe.
You are going to want a high top to kind of catch that to help hold it.
You are also going to want to make sure that your ankle has a lot of stability and support because you don't want to turn it just because your legs a little bit more rumpled than normal.
I mean this should be a shoe for a scarecrow.
It is a shoe you would go hiking in.
It is the shoe you would scale a mountain in.
Okay maybe not quite that extreme but close.
You definitely want an out doorsy strong shoe.
Colors of shoe that I prefer for a scarecrow are of course brown.
I mean you want colors warmer. Colors of the soil. Colors of the harvest. Even having some of lighter beige colors in there also could work.
"Hi, this is David Duke."
So it's really not much weight on my shoulders.
"These hands here are used to control my nose angle, so I can actually steer the glider as it is flying right here even, just as I would in the sky."
We can check that we're hooked one more time.
"Again, I'm noticing that I'm not in my backup, but we're not going to do that today."
So then I want to use the wind to actually help me walk back up this little training slope we have here.
In this clip I'm going to talk about carrying the glider.
I have it balanced on my shoulders about at the edge of the deltoid right here.
"Each wing is about the size of a hobicat sail, so you can imagine the power that wings can generate if you get them into the wind wrong."
So this is the correct way to pick it up turn it around.
And your instructor will go over all of this.
Do not get your nose too high or you'll go over backwards.
And now we're into the wind.
And the glider is actually in this wind it's pretty much flying right now.
Hi welcome back.
Have you been looking for that perfect brunette hair color?
Now listen if you can't find the color that you're looking for ask your professional stylist.
"Go in, chat it up, and get the information that you need to go home and achieve the color that you want."
My name is Sylvia Russell and I hope that you find the perfect brunette for your hair color.
Well today I'm going to show you how to get it.
Today is the day that you can be the brunette that you want to be.
Now listen colors sometimes can be easy to do and sometimes they can be difficult but I'm going to give you a few tips that can help you achieve the color that you want.
"Now color is on a color level, 1 through 10, brown being a 4 or 5."
"Now if you want to achieve a rich brown, stay on your level, something in a 3 or a 4."
If you have a light skin tone you might want to go with a lighter brown.
If you have a medium skin tone you might want to go with like an auburn brown to add some richness.
If you have a dark skin tone like myself you might want to go for a very very rich brown.
"Alright, we've been talking about what it is that you're good at, what jobs are out there, what's available."
But now you have to take a look at what do you want to do.
Do you want to work in a place where you can wear jeans and a t-shirt?
Do you want to work outside?
Do you want to work nights?
What would make you happy?
Know what would make you happy before you start sending out resumes to a job that won't.
"And that may conflict with what you're good at, that may conflict with what jobs are available."
"But, it's very important that you know what it is you want to do."
What are your values and how will your work enhance those values?
What do you want to do on a day to day basis that will bring you joy and satisfaction?
"Now I know sometimes, you know, you just, you have to make money."
"But in the long term picture of things, you never want to get locked into a job where you're going to be miserable."
We spend so much time at work.
So what is it that you want to do?
"CINDY MASTRY: Once you've mastered the revolved triangle pose, you can take this pose to a little bit deeper level by placing the block on the outside of the foot, rather, the inside of the foot."
Faith is going to help me demonstrate that now.
"Again, she's going to rotate her shoulder and her hip open."
Good.
Keeping the hips square.
"And then when she's ready, she can extend her arm up to the sky."
Good.
Pressing down into the block and reaching up through her finger tips.
She wants to reach the crown of her head forward and then allow her face to rotate.
"You can look up to the hand but if that gives you a little more of a balance problem, then you can just look forward or down."
"You want to have your neck comfortable and you want to be able to hold this pose in a position where you can inhale and breathe your spine long; and exhale, sink into the pose, allowing your hips, allowing your low spine and your pelvis to open, allowing your heart to open and your chest to open."
So she's going to find her long spine.
It's always important to find your long spine first.
"And she's going to step her foot forward, just a couple of feet forward, not too far. Good. And she's going to take her left hand to her left hip."
She's going to extend up through her right hand and lengthen out through her torso.
"As she exhales, she reaches out and forward keeping the length through both side bodies and then she's going to bring that block down to the pinkie toe side of her foot."
"A little bit more twist is involved, a little bit more massage for your abdominal muscles."
So let's put it into our boiling water and then we're going to let it boil for about 2-3 minutes before checking it.
"Because it's not super super dried, it doesn't need nearly as much time as box pasta does so we're just going to leave it in here stir frequently and check in about 2-3 minutes."
"Once the pasta is cooked, it's going to have swelled up just a little bit almost like a dumpling you're going to drain it and then it' s ready for you to choose a sauce."
"JOHN R. JUNGER: Watercolor painting is aptly name because it is an amalgam of water and color, and let's see what we could do with it."
"If I took a brush and wet it, open my paints and just look what I'm doing."
"Now, you see this?"
This is scrap paper.
I always test what I'm doing on scrap paper.
"Now, this is called a flat wash because when it dries, it's going to be one flat color from beginning to end."
"Now, a lot of people use that because it's very nice. Now again, you notice I test my color. This is called the graded wash. Now, it looks just like a flat wash but what I could do is take another color if I wish and grade it into that."
"So, that is no longer flat wash, but it becomes a graded wash."
"MARK BLOCKER: Okay, in this segment I'm going to cover installing the brake pads."
What I've done is I've laid out the four brake pads that come in a brake pad replacement kit.
"We have to install the silencers that came on the used ones, I'm transferring on to the new ones because it didn't come equip with those."
And you remember there is two distinctively different style silencers used.
The outboard pad had the wide fingers of the outer side of caliper for sealing so I used the wide finger.
"Do you to see where it is sealed on before, that's the outboard pad that applies just to that."
This is the inboard pad where the piston applies pressure against the brake pad and that's done in the center.
"Now, you want these tabs to be securely mounted, the way to do so is you take a large pair of channel lock pliers and you just adjust them for comfortable grip across the pad and you just squeeze on."
"There's two tabs on one side, one in the center, just squeeze and lock those down all three tabs, and that secures the brake silencer to the pad."
"And just as safe as you do again with the other brake pad, and it's secure."
"Now, we can install the pads into the caliper mounting bracket."
"Prior to doing so, where the pads slide back and forth in the caliper assemblies, we want to make sure and lubricate that area."
You've got two pads for each side of the vehicle.
"We want to use a very small amount of lubricant because we don't want an excess to get on the pads or around in the brake system, just adequate to lubricate the system."
Please watch our next segment and we'll cover installing the pads part 2.
"As you've noticed, there is the difference in two of the pads."
Two pads are identical.
That's the outboard pad on each side and the two inboard pads are inverted so that the warning tab is located in correct position.
"So if you take the brake pads, you just remove and match them up."
These two matched.
This is my inboard one.
"Both outboard pads are identical for sides so just select one, now I have my 2 pads."
"If you are interested in designing an exercise program specifically for yourself my advice is to take the advice of a personal trainer if you don't have those resources, then think about what are the things that you really like to do."
If you don't like to run then don't set a running program up for yourself because you'll set yourself up for failure.
Those are the three variables that you need to think about along your exercise program that you can manipulate over time.
Can you work out more times per week than when you started?
Can you go longer in your duration?
Can you increase the intensity?
If you try and stay with the same program for week after week or month after month your body is going to get used to it and say this is easy.
"It started hard, it's easy and it needs more of a challenge so to avoid those plateaus find some other exercises that you might like to do and incorporate those so maybe Monday you will go for a walk, Tuesday you go for a swim, Wednesday you go for a bike ride, etc."
"You really need to incorporate something that is going to challenge your cardiovascular system which is the heart and lungs, it is going to elevate the heart rate and also some resistance exercises using dumb bells or free weights."
You don't necessarily have to go to a gym but find something that you can do at home and make sure you are using proper form and techniques so that you avoid risk of injury along down the lines.
This is Alice Monsaert hoping that you can design a program for yourself to keep yourself healthy for the rest of your life.
Simply find those activities that you really enjoy.
Is it dancing?
Is it swimming?
Is it walking?
Have you tried resistance training?
Those are the things that you need to think about when you design a program.
You need to also think about how many days per week can I do this program?
How long can I spend doing the program and at what intensity level am I able to work out?
"My name is Kim Millikan, and we're here at the adaptive climbing wall, at the National Ability Center."
If you would like to get into adaptive climbing there are many ways to do it.
"The first thing I would do is check with your doctor, and see what kind of things you should be concerned with if you are going to be climbing."
"Call an adaptive recreation center, and they should have plenty of the equipment, experience, and knowledge."
"Also, a lot of recreation centers that are city, and state, and government managed are required to have ADA personnel on staff, and they may know something, as well."
That would be the first places I would go.
"If that didn't occur, I would go to a climbing gym, and I would look for people, I would look for people there who have had experience climbing with people with disabilities, or who have knowledge in general."
"If you have a bad experience, or you go to an adaptive center that, I would trust my judgment, and I would go somewhere else."
"I have been to climbing gyms in several countries where I felt safe, and comfortable, and I've also been to others where I did not, and the truth is that if you've done your research, and you've had a couple of good practices somewhere, you will know if it's good or not, and you'll know to run away."
"If you go there, and you don't immediately don't feel comfortable, go somewhere else, because your life is in the hands of your belayer, and if you're bouldering, you're going to have so much more success with somebody who understands climbing, and understands how to work with it with people who have different abilities, because."
"Well, before we describe what fashion designing is, we should know what fashion is."
Over the year and since the fashion is just become an essential for our day to day life.
"So, we should concentrate on fashion by keeping in mind that we should follow the current trends in our day to day life."
Now I'll describe you the four components of fashion.
The very first part here comes is the silhouette which is very essential.
"Hi, I'm back and so is a cupful of my urine."
I've produced approximately 65 ml of urine sample; 60 ml is the limit.
"You are not going to want to contaminate these with urine, nor are you going to want to touch any of this with your bare hand."
"It can possibly introduce agents, skin oils or other contaminants that can skew your test results."
It's going to stay in for approximately 10 minutes and then we have approximately a 5 minute window to read it.
"So, let's go ahead and dip it in and check."
"We are going to come back in 10 minutes and take a look at any sort of intoxicants or other drugs that may or, most likely, may not be in my urine."
"As you can see, one of the dots is so warm that it has gone blue, which is going to be a detection past green."
"I assure you with 100% of my heart, soul and being that this is a freshly produced unadulterated urine sample of my own creation."
"So now, we are going to crack open the test strip and we are going to execute our test."
"Now, this is a timed test so it is important that you have a watch, clock or other timing device available."
"I showed the test strip to you earlier, but I'll show it to you again."
"What we are going to do is simply place this in the cup, up to the max urine level."
"So, this is going to be the minimum line here and the max line is here."
These are your result strips.
"Haunted houses are all about what's going on, where?"
It suppose to be a house and houses have different rooms or compartments to them.
"So different compartments will have different themes, as your mapping out your house try to think about different themes or settings that you like to have in your house."
"Some popular scenes I've heard is having a crazy clown room, a graveyard, a demons layer, a laborant for example."
"You can also consider if you have more four or five compartments having a slightly lighter room, a fun room."
This is okay it can still be a little creepy and a little bit of fun and not every single room in your haunted house has to be super freaky.
"For example, you can have a room that you can have a dancing ghoul, usually this is somebody who is seated as the people enter the room some music starts up, the ghoul starts dancing a little bit."
"It's a nice little enter mixing of fun, if you really want to play on psychological reactions having a little fun and humor, a little bit not too much."
Is actually good to have between frights so they don't become descentized.
Okay the next step that we're going to do is we've used the different parts of the nebulizer and we're going to do a cleaning.
"You need to do this between, every time that you use a nebulizer."
"You don't necessarily have to soak them for any great deal, you're just going to be rinsing them just good so that they're getting a nice cleaning with the soapy water."
So I know sometimes with my children it would be a couple of times a day.
You want to take it apart first by disengaging the hose from the other components of the nebulizer.
"Again as I mentioned earlier, do not wash the hose, don't do anything with it, you don't ever want to get any kind of water in here because that could, if it doesn't dry properly it could lead to an infection, so you definitely don't want to do anything with the hose."
Only replace it when it starting to get worn or torn.
The other parts what we're going to do is we're just going to take regular clean tap water.
"I've got some dish detergent that you use to wash your dishes with, you want to use a non lemon."
"The lemon kind of detergent could be something that might weaken the materials that are getting washed, the plastic."
Put them in there.
We are going to do a version of cat cow.
We are going to turn this into vinyasa.
Vinyasa flows with the breath so that movement follows the breath.
With an inhale Jennifer is going to slowly come into table so she only moves as long as the length of her inhale.
"The first inhale she is going to lift the tail bone, inhale and lift the tail bone."
She is going to draw the spine one vertebra at a time down to the Earth at the end of her inhale the head will lift.
"She is going to keep her head lifted, initiate the exhale from the tail bone, she drops the tail bone, rolls down one vertebra at a time, chin to chest at the end of the exhale."
"Again we initiate the inhale from the tip of the tail bone, lift the tail bone up, flow through the spine, at the end of her inhale she will lift her head and maintain, exhale, drops the tail bone, flow through the spine articulating every vertebra chin to chest, continue to flow the length of your breath."
"You are always going to initiate the movement with the tip of the tail bone whether you are lifting or falling, lifting and dropping the head, movement follows breath, enjoy."
"Alright, we've cut our paper and put down our sticky strip."
The next thing were going to do is assemble them.
"I'm not sure if there still out there, but they used to be out there at any of the restaurants and stuff that had things to go."
"So, real quickly I'm going to do it again."
"Just roll it up, so it resembles like a tube of your empty toilet paper roll."
"Crimp those edges, seal them together, throw in some more chocolates."
"If a little chocolate is good, more is better."
"Seal that edge, slide it in your crimper, back and forth, two or three times, to help seal that edge, and there we have two sour cream containers already prefilled with chocolate."
The next thing I'm going to do is show what other things you can do with these really cute sour cream containers.
"I've already peeled off the red top layer on the sticky strip on this one, and all you're going to do is roll it like a toilet paper roll, because that's what it's going to resemble when you get it done."
"So roll that, and then you can see this sticky strip, you're going to go ahead and press that side down, and then you're going to press this side the opposite way."
"But, before we seal this up, we need to put something really fun in it."
"This is a good time where the kids could buy their mom some chocolates, where they could put a little note into their mom, or maybe a bracelet or some diamonds, anything like that is nice."
"So, were going to go ahead and put some chocolates, I've just got some Hershey's nuggets in here."
"So we've pushed one, one way, were going to push one the other way, and then were going to take our crimper, and this is just going to kind of help seal the edges."
"Alright, so we?re going to run it through, place it in the handle, and then were going to go about, one, two, three, back and forth a couple times just to keep that edge nice and tight."
"The same way on this side, and it looks just like those sour cream containers that you used to be able to get."
"Hi, my name is Caroline and this is Amanda, we're here at Encore Gymnastics and we're going to teach you how to do a front flip."
"We're going to start by stretching, so go ahead and stretch your ankles, right and left."
Very good.
"The next step we would do that same exact thing but she's going to punch up and pull her knees into her stomach, so into a tuck position, same thing, pull your knees in this time."
Very good.
"So we're going to have three body positions, the first one is going to be going up in the straight body, the second one is over into the tuck, and the third one is again with the bent knees, both bent knees landing, landing."
"Very good, right there, so those are the three positions your body is going to go through in the front tuck."
We're going to go ahead and bring her up onto the block to show you all the way through.
"You're going to start up and big jump, finish on the other side, very good."
We're going to have her do that all on her own.
"She's not quite landing it because she's leaning a little bit forward, so when you do your front tuck you're going to want to go up a little bit more, go ahead and do one more for us."
Pull it all the way around.
Turn around in a couple circles on each leg.
"And there it is, that's a front tuck."
Very good.
"You're also going to want to stretch your hamstrings, so she's going to stand up and grab the back of her foot and push this forward."
A good way to make this stretch work is by squeezing your bottom and the other leg.
There's a lot of stress on your legs when you land a front tuck because there's so much momentum in it.
And you always want to stretch your wrists and your neck as well.
Very good.
"For starting a front tuck you're going to punch off the ground, so she's going to take a few steps and then just punch straight up."
For most my sewing I do I like to rip my material instead of having to sew it.
"If it has straight lines, the ripping gives you generally a really nice, straight line right along the fabric, the grain of the fabric."
"And you're going to need however many strips wide you want to go, plus the lining, plus the strap."
And that's how you rip your strips!
"So what I'm going to do is go ahead and take my material, you could probably get away with about three-quarters of a yard, this is actually a full yard."
"I'm going to fold it in half and cut it, just rip it all the way down."
"This side will be for your lining, that's about how wide you need."
"Now if you're using different types of material, you're obviously going to have to rip strips out of each of them."
"You won't need it quite that wide, but that just gives you lots of room to decide how big you want it to be."
"And then for the remaining strips, just take the other material."
"A lot of times when I rip my strips this is exactly how I cut them, I'll cut one, I'll cut it in half and I'll keep that piece for lining, and then I'll rip the other pieces for patch working together, or for straps for my purses, or for a bias string to go through a skirt."
Having it ripped in strips is just really handy.
This traditional stretch is called the Twisted Pretzel.
"Now it may sound intimidating but it's a great stretch for your back, your hips, overall stretch."
"And then engage your abdominal muscles, lifting your knees up and then twist over to the other side."
And you want to try to get your knees all the way over.
"Close your eyes, hold that position for about thirty seconds and then come on up and then switch legs."
"Taking the right over left, hooking and then coming over to the side."
And that is your Twisted Pretzel.
So come on down to your mat.
"And you want to just have your feet on the floor, your knees are bent."
Take your left leg and cross it over your right leg.
Then take your left foot and hook it behind your right ankle as you lift your feet up off the floor.
"Now, take your arms out like a T and then gently roll your knees over to the left side."
Turn your head to the right side.
You want to make sure that you're keeping your shoulder blades on the mat.
"And just breathe nice and easy, holding the stretch for about thirty seconds."
Now we're moving on to the foundation.
"We want that glowy, dewy, healthy look."
You just put a little more of a concentrated amount where you need it if you want to use it as a concealer.
It all depends on what you're trying to cover.
Look up for me.
Her skin's so nice that I don't really have to use an extra concealer.
I can just use the foundation as a concealer.
"If you have a blemish that really needs covering up or a scar, then you may need to go for a more heavier concealer or even a heavier foundation, depending on your skin."
"Make sure you blend, blend."
You don't want it to look like you have a ton of foundation on.
You want it just to look like your skin is flawless.
Take it down the neck a little bit.
I'm using a very sheer foundation.
Just make sure everything is completely blended.
"Then once your foundation is all blended in, take a nice pressed powder or finishing powder and dust it right on top."
"Don't use too much, but use a significant amount to make sure your skin looks nice and flawless."
Don't go too much around the eye area because powder tends to seep into the lines or on the eyes.
"Just stick to the face, down the neck a little bit."
Don't use too much powder.
"Again, you want it to look a little more dewy, but you also want to kind of finish it off with a little bit of powder."
It just makes everything look so much smoother and nicer.
Now we're ready to do bronzer and blush.
Almost a tinted moisturizer.
It's very hydrating and moisturizing.
It's not a matifying foundation.
If you have a drier skin type this is great.
"If you have a more oiler skin type and you feel like you get very shiny, then you might want to use a more matifying foundation, but you still want to use a liquid because this is a glowy, dewy, healthy look."
You don't want it to look to flat and matte.
"She has great skin, so I'm using the foundation also as a concealer around the nose, under the eyes."
"This hairstyle is good for showing movement, because as you can see, it's ranting off of her face like she's in a wind tunnel, or like basically like she is going, ""uh"", shaking her head out, that's going to give it flare, personality, style, your own little sense of you."
"The easiest way to do that, obviously is to visualize shaking your hair out, what it's going to do, take a picture, camera captures it, right in the middle of a shake, it's going to be out like that, like static electricity."
"So draw your part, and then just, but again you don't want straight lines, it's going to be going all different directions."
"It's no such thing as a bad hair day when you're designing fashion design, just start a new trend."
I am here today to show you how to make quick and easy Spanish recipes.
Just like that now.
"Put this into the pot, because it has to sizzle a little and it starts cooking immediately and just like that we have the beginnings of our beautiful yellow rice."
Over in this pot we have finished our quick and easy Spanish style chicken and sausage and see how it has got this nice sauce dripping down and the peas are still green and everything.
We need something to sop up that sauce.
"Over here I have got some onion that I am just going to throw into the food processor and a little garlic, we are going to see if we can get that out of the head."
This is always a problem.
"It never wants to work with me, never ever, like now."
"One clove of garlic and over in the hot pan we have got some oil heating, just a little vegetable oil."
"You can use olive oil, which is what I usually use but we do not want to overpower our flavor so we are just going to stick with the vegetable oil."
"Just give it a nice mince, nice and fine and small and you know that they are minced whenever it starts pulling away from the middle and starts spreading out to the sides."
Now we're going to decorate our boat.
We're going to be decorating the boat with permanent marker because we don't want any of the colors to run when the boat goes into the water.
The next decoration we want to do is we're going to go to the base of the boat and we're going to make kind of a line down which will kind of look like the rim.
I guess like the rubber boarder that goes around the boat so it doesn't bang into anything when it comes close to the dock or when it gets tied up.
"So, we'll put a line around the border, around the base of the boat and it won't just be one line we'll actually fill in some other colors to make it stand out a little more."
"This is really the key to this one decoration is kind of the key to making it kind of stand out and look like a, somewhat of a real boat."
"This is really, even though it may not realize it, this really stands out on boats that you have that thick border going around the base."
"So, this will help us make it really look more authentic."
"We'll put our first color around, we used a red."
We'll go ahead and take a second color and complete the shape to it.
So we've made two lines and we've made a waved line going down the middle.
"Now, the front of our boat needs to have a window so we'll use our thin marker to make our border."
The first thing we're going to do is outline different shapes on the boat.
You can experiment with some different markers.
The lines come out not as dark when you're using makers as opposed to if you were going to use some paint.
"A type of paint that is good for it is, like we said earlier, the type of paint would be the same paint that's used to decorate cloth like a t-shirt because that's the type of paint that you can throw in the washing machine and it doesn't come off."
Of course when our boat is placed in the water we want the paint to stay on as well.
"So, the paint would definitely give it more of a stronger effect but we also wanted to show you that most people have these markers around their house and we wanted to make the project as practical as possible to show you that it can also be done with these markers."
"I'll put a little decoration on the flag, we'll just put a star."
You can put your family insignia if you have one.
"And here, we see that once the boat is placed into water it actually does float."
So it's a really nice project for kids and they come out with a nice toy that they can play with at bath time.
"If you're going to put it into the bath the glue and the color should hold, but I would take out the toothpick, obviously might be a bit of a safety hazard."
For our design we're going to be making some windows on the top layer.
"But they can have a lot of fun with the boat, soak it up with water, watch it go under, come up again, and it's a lot of fun."
"So, use the black, thin marker."
Permanent marker.
We made our outline and now we're going to fill it in with some colors.
I'm using a blue color now.
We go ahead and do the other side the same with the windows.
"It's easier to outline everything first so when you draw, put the actual colors on, they keep their shape and also the border around the different shapes gives a nice, makes it stand out a little more, gives a nice affect to it, has a nice touch."
Alright let's talk about mounting the rod into the reel.
Now we already have a mounted rod here.
Sometimes you'll drop the line and it'll come all the way out.
Alright so anyways there we go.
Now we simply close this bale up.
Reel up the slack and you've threaded the rod.
And if you'll notice the line always goes through this roller on the top.
Because that's what actually puts the line back on to the reel when you actually wind this.
"It actually, this rotates around and puts the line back onto the spool."
This is a spinning outfit.
And if you'll notice the spinning outfit always sits below the reel seat.
So it's a nice balance.
It's easy to cast like that.
But once you've accomplished it you still have to thread the line through the guides so with a spinning outfit what you need to do is you need to open this bale up.
This is a line bale.
Take your line and basically just thread right through the guides.
Go all the way to the end.
Next we are going to be doing some chest expansion and we are going to move in to Camel Pose as well here seated in our chair.
As we get older we tend to allow our shoulders to hunch forward and so these poses are going to help create length through the front of the chest as well as contracting the muscles in the back become weak as they are stretched over time from that hunching effect.
So let's start with just a simple chest expansion.
"Sitting up nice and tall again on the edge of your chair and let's reach back, holding on to that back of the chair and we are squeezing our shoulder blades towards each other and allowing the front of the chest to open up and getting a nice stretch and we will just focus on holding that pose and breathing and then releasing."
Now from here we can move on to Camel Pose or if that felt pretty good and that felt like where you should be at then let's continue to practice that for a while.
If you would like to move on to Camel Pose let's bring either flat fists or flat palms and we are going to place one hand on either side of the spine right where the top of the hip meets the spine and you can feel those bones in your back.
We are placing the hands there to support the spine and again we are squeezing the shoulder blades towards each other and then we can gently start to bend through the back focusing on opening the chest towards the ceiling and we can hold that for a few breaths and then we will slowly bring ourselves up and especially out of Camel Pose but also that chest expansion we want to counter stretch with a gentle seated Child's Pose so we are just going to hang ourselves forward and we can rest the hands on the leg and that is just going to counter stretch the spine from any of our back bending.
Let's try a folkloric move that we call the Horsie Step.
This is base on some of the Arabian horses and the way that they toss their head up and down.
You want to keep them nice and even.
"So as you bend, you're going to press into the floor."
"So goes down, down, up, down, up, down, up."
Good.
Now you need to keep the body nice and relax here.
This is a folkloric move.
So you want it to be very natural looking.
Now we can also add a little bit of a chest lift there to contrast the movement down in your feet.
"So as you heel presses, the chest is going to lift up, kind of like a garbage can lid."
"So you're going to go, up and press and press and press."
But there's varying degrees of how much you can exaggerate this movement.
So try this on both sides in the mirror and make sure your knees are staying nice and even.
Let's start with the more subtle version of it.
Let's start with our feet slightly together and our weighted leg is going to take most of the weight here.
"And we're going to start with our foot, with the heel press toward the floor."
Our accent is going to be going down on the first beat.
So it's going to be on the downbeat.
"So we're going to be going down and both knees are going to bend the same amount, okay."
So you don't want one leg here and this one more straight.
We did some exercises today that are going to help with that but the biggest thing you have to do as a rider is to stay in that turn until it is time to complete it.
See how he comes out really wide.
That's because I didn't keep him held in there.
"What we want is we want to approach this barrel with our pocket, keep him held in there until we are at the proper place to exit it."
Then those hands come forward and out he goes.
So it's as simple as just keeping your horse in that turn.
If you want your horse to finish it and not come out wide you just sit a little bit longer.
People think that sometimes that actually adds time because your sitting longer but what it does is it straightens up that run home which actually shaves a lot of time in the end.
So we are going to go ahead and we are going to come up to this barrel and I'm going to show you how that works.
"This would be a third barrel, you've got a little pocket coming in here."
Watch how I stay committed to this turn.
I'm holding my horse down and back until I finish it.
Then I allow him to go forward.
Watch the difference between that and when I allow him to go forward to soon.
I am going to stay committed to the turn to start with and then half way around I'm going forward.
Watch where he goes out.
Now as you have finished your massaging and your acupressure points the last thing to remember is what we call closing the session.
"You want to be sure that once you finish all these techniques on the animal and the animal is nice and relaxed you just stay with them, let them lie down, let them enjoy themselves."
"You pet them, talk to them, this is a time when you just want them to relax so they are going to get the benefit of all that hard work you just did for them."
"It is not a time to take them out running, it is not a time to feed them, just like when you get a massage, after your massage it is nice to lay there quietly and let the bones and the muscles and the joints all relax and get the full benefit of the massaging and pressuring that they have just gotten, you are going to do the same for your dog to make sure that all that hard work is of much benefit as possible to them."
It is nice to do this at the end of the day because then the dog can go to sleep and spent the whole night relaxing and enjoying that extra good feeling he has gotten from you.
"If you find an English three speed at a yard sale, it may have some interesting accessories on it."
"They may not have been on the bike when it was originally purchased, but they were probably purchased from the bike shop later on, and put on the bike."
Another accessory here is the classic saddle bag.
You always see these attached to the back of a Leather Brook Saddle.
"Some of these were made of leather, this is vinyl."
"These are getting really hard to find, there really easy to put on, as a matter of fact, there are eyelets on the back of the saddle, for mounting them."
"Basically, these straps go through the eyelets, one there, one there and then one strap around the seat post and you've got a handy saddle bag."
"A wicker basket, which I showed in the previous segment is a classic add on, particularly for a woman's bike."
"The men's bikes didn't really use the wicker baskets, but they look great on a woman's bike."
"Lighting, as this bike has, this is after market lighting, or add on lighting, that's another popular accessory."
Another popular thing is a cyclometer.
"It's a very simple mechanical device, let's you know how many miles you've gone."
"There's a read out on the face of this, and there's a key which you attach to the spoke, and there's a little wheel here that gets turned every time that key passes by."
"So, as this bike, the wheels spinning forward, the key goes by, it turns this lever on the cyclometer, and it slowly ticks up the miles that you've covered."
"This one looks like it's got about fifteen hundred miles on it, which is a lot."
"Hi, my name is Lauren with Makeup by Dodge and today I'm going to teach you how to do your makeup in five minutes flat."
So first let's think about the problem areas we have.
But make sure your bronzer goes well with your skin.
The orange on the face just usually doesn't cut it.
"When you apply your bronzer you could just sweep it on the, on the out skirts of your face by your hair line and bring it down your cheeks, maybe down on your jaw line."
Touch your chin.
Touch your nose.
Do it on the other side.
And so you don't even have to worry about breaking out the eye shadow you can use that bronzer or that blush if you wanted to put a little blush on instead of some bronzer.
And close your eyes please.
"Just go ahead and sweep them across your eyes and that'll just tie your whole face in and bring in a little bit more life, and a little warmth to it."
Another thing you can do is just apply a little waterproof mascara if you don't want to have to worry about touching it up later.
Essentially what you're trying to do when you do your makeup just in five minutes is to get out the door right?
"Just curl your eyelashes if you have time, swipe on some mascara."
And to make you lips more youthful and a little juicier go ahead and put on some lip gloss.
"Don't; don't go into the, the lip stick thing that takes a little bit more time and effort."
But just put a little lip gloss maybe some chap stick and you have a very sun kissed and youthful look just in under five minutes.
And to go on with your day.
And you're trying to greet the world with a very even bright energetic kind of face.
So some problem areas that we might have is discoloration of the skin which is very normal among many women.
"Not, not many women have porcelain skin so to try to even out your complexion you can have some tinted moisturizer."
"Just swipe that all over your face or if you have some dark circles or some problem blemishes just go ahead and swipe some concealer under those eye, eyes where your dark circle and dab at those blemishes very precisely with your concealer and blend."
Make sure you blend.
"Another thing to bring some more color, some more life to your face would to apply some bronzer."
One of the things that you're going to want to be careful of is dehydration.
"A lot of the times, we tend to visit theme parks during the summer months and they can obviously be very very warm and aside from sunscreen and keeping yourself well protected from the sun, you're also going to want to stay hydrated and the best way to stay well hydrated is with water."
You really are going to want to avoid sodas and juices that have a lot of sugar in them.
"If you are feeling like you're low on electrolytes, you can go ahead and drink some sort of Gatorade or electrolyte drink but really the best way is to just keep a constant steady flow of water in your system and that will help you avoid any sort of affect of dehydration."
Dehydration can ruin an outing very quickly.
It can cause headaches and exhaustion and can really make you feel very ill and not at all like wanting to run around and have fun so be sure that you stay hydrated.
"So only a couple more steps in our kitchen painting project, before we're actually ready to put the paint on."
We're still preparing the surface.
"So for our case here, we're going to just use a little bit of this fiberglass tape and we're going to crumple it up."
You could actually use anything.
"You can use crumpled up newspaper, that's pretty common for plaster repairs, or anything that you have laying around."
"Okay, we're going to just crumple it up into a little ball and just start to fill our area."
That way we'll need less wood putty and it's going to dry a lot faster.
"Let's see, I'm just going to crumple up another little piece."
Just kind of jam it in there really good.
"So it's basically doing most of the filling with your backer, whatever you're crumpling and sticking in there."
And then you don't really have to do too much puttying.
"So I'm going to take my wood putty and a small putty knife and I'm just going to goop it up, apply a bunch of product in there."
"I noticed as I was going along that there is actually a piece of wood missing from the trim here, right next to our wall repair."
"Make sure that I'm pushing it into the backing, just kind of getting the whole thing filled."
You want to make sure that you do push a decent amount in.
Then this is a case where you may need one or two or several coats.
"And you are going to give it a slight sand as well, so you don't have to perfect on this stage."
Okay.
Now we're going to let that dry and we're going to move on to the next step.
So I thought I was going to take some time and show you guys how to repair that with some wood putty.
Now normally we go around with the wood putty and fill minor holes and nicks and things like that.
And it dries pretty fast and it holds pretty solid and it has the properties of wood.
"In this case it's really deep, as you can see, and there's actually a piece of wall missing."
So we're going to have to put a backing on that.
"Any time you are caulking or filling anything, any hole that's deeper than about a half an inch, you're going to want to back it with something."
"Meaning basically to just stick something else in there so you're not continuously putting too much putty in, otherwise it will take forever to dry."
"After we have massaged both legs with a hot stone, I'm going to show you how I place the stones on the legs."
We're using a larger placement stones.
Another larger stone round in shape to cover the Calf.
I like to do some compressions just to soothe the heat into the muscles.
And for an extra treat I like the client to hold a stone in each hand.
Interactive.
"If they have cold hands, it's great for warming."
And that's tone placement on the legs in prone.
Two stones over the Hamstrings .
If it feel too warm you can double up on the sheet.
But always check in with your client and how the temperature is.
Then we're going to place around the sheet stone on the Calf.
And I like to cover the stones with sheet to keep them in place and also to keep the heat in.
I'm going to do this on both sides of the legs.
Larger stones on the larger muscle groups.
Covering them to keep them in place and to retain the heat.
"ATHENA REICH: In this clip, I'm going to talk about the Actors Union."
There's three ways you can be involved or not involved in the Union.
The last level is Non-Union.
You might get there.
You can wait a long time and you might not get seen but you can try.
"You could be a Union member, you can be an EMC member, or you can be Non-Union."
I'm a Union member so I have my Actors' Equity card.
"This means that I can get into the Actors Union Lounge and then I can go early in the morning to an audition and I can sign up and I can actually get a time, a slot."
"Now, if I'm in EMC, that's one step down from being in the Union, it means that I've done a certain number of weeks but not--less than 50 weeks of work in the theater."
"And what that means is I have--I can get up there early and I get on an EMC list and after all the Equity people who've come have auditioned, then I need get to go."
"So, a lot of times as EMC, it's pretty tough."
You gotta work really hard.
"You go there, you show up and you might not get seen."
"So here is a kit that you could do all on your own, that we sell as a complete kit."
We have a straight edge.
"Now, this straight edge is not to measure with, remember."
It's so that you can cut your own mats with the Alco mat razor.
We have a clamp that will clamp this to your table.
We give you pencils.
You want to use a good quality pencil and keep it very sharp.
Then we give you tracing paper; a whole book of tracing paper.
"Remember, you could trace that little duck on the actual picture and then cut it into the matting."
"Then we are going to give you different templates that you can cut in your matting; all different kinds (feathers, leaves...)."
"Then, remember when we put the two mats together?"
"When you get this kit, you can start cutting mats the moment you unwrap it."
This is your double stick tape that is going to connect your double mat together.
"We have a razor blade that once you cut your opening, if it doesn't fall out, you are going to need a little razor blade to cut that corner."
"So, we wanted to provide every single thing that you need to cut your mats."
We give you twenty eleven by fourteen mat boards that you can use to remember your favorite eight by ten picture of your cat or your kids or a landscape.
"You can use these and cut for your own pictures, right there on the very first day that you get it."
"So, this kit will help you to design and cut your own special mats."
Remember the mat guide that we had?
We have a mat guide.
"The tape measure, remember you want to use a good tape measure to measure for your mats."
Then we have a straight edge.
We are going to show you how to use this Alco straight cutter to cut all of your mats.
You can cut the opening and you can cut those designs (like little ducks and balloons) in the matting.
"When you want to cut your mat down to size, we have a Stanley knife; the best that you want to use."
Now just some simple rules to follow.
"First of all, when you're at work don't send personal emails."
That's a bad idea because anyone at any time can have access to these emails.
Personal information in writing via email will always come back to haunt you.
That's just bad news all the way around.
If you have to send a personal email I would certainly make sure that the boss knew that you were going to send a personal email.
I'm pretty sure that people have been fired for doing way too much personal business via the Internet or emails when they're at work.
All you want to talk about in your emails at work is work.
You want to plan your message carefully.
"You want to talk about goals, you want to talk about schedules, you want to talk about research, you want to talk about meetings, you want to talk about company news."
Keep everything personal out of it.
"When I talk about personal messages, you don't want to send personal messages to your friends but you don't want personal information in your business emails like you're sending an email to a co-worker but you're busy talking in your email about what a jerk the boss is."
I would like to talk now about the meaning of a bedroom and the purpose of the bedroom.
So the meaning of a bedroom is that bedroom represents our inner self.
"And when I go to people's homes and I see that public spaces downstairs are very nice and neat and beautiful and designed and when I go to the bedroom, their bedroom and see that it is cluttered, it is dark, it is not attended."
So it tells me something about the person.
It tells me that they probably are not confident enough in themselves.
Or perhaps they do not take good care of themselves.
Or perhaps they do not take good care of their relationship.
So their purpose of the bedroom is to have a good night sleep of course.
"It's rest, rejuvenation."
"And another purpose is to make love, to have relationship, to honor your relationship in a bedroom."
I'm going to cut open this little pouch here.
This is my solution.
"I kind of like the shirt I'm wearing, I probably shouldn't even be wearing it while I do this."
"But, you want to be really careful."
"I am wearing gloves, and you want to be sure you're in a well ventilated area. So, the next part I'm going to make is Part B. I'm going to show you how to make that part next."
Pour it into one quart of water.
"Now, I'm probably one of the only dark room people that actually, I really like using old cooking implements."
This little whip works really well.
I make sure that all my chemistry is mixed up.
I don't want to see any browns in there.
I want it to be clear.
That's my fair cyanide right there.
"It's like bleach, it gets on anything, it's going to stain it."
Hi this is Sean Hobson.
One thing that you have to understand about the game of rebounding especially if you're playing a zone if who to box out on the zone.
You find the opposite colored jersey and you put a body on it.
It's very very important not only man to man but especially in the zone to box somebody out.
"Now obviously if you're in a man to man situation, you're on the guy that you're guarding."
"You know who you're guarding, you know how they shoot, you know how they box out so it's much much easier."
"But when your team plays a lot of zone like we do, you've got to learn how to box out and the most important thing is you have to understand the players that are in your area."
"So, as Zach right here is playing the top of our zone he has to realize who is out here."
"He has to know not only where the offensive guys are and the positions that they are on the floor, he also has to know where his fellow defenders are."
"He knows if there's somebody else that is up here then they have to communicate and when the shot goes up, Zach will say I've got the wing you get the top and then I would box out here and Zach would box out there."
"One thing you cannot do in the zone which we see a lot is when the shot goes up, if Zach just turns around to get the rebound, you're going to have this man from the top blitzing in and you're going to have the man from the wing coming in to rebound."
So you have to understand who's in your area and who's going to box out who.
"Pose one of the twelve Yoga poses in Shivananda Yoga is Headstand, Sirsasana."
"And, I'm going to have Jim here demonstrating the Headstand."
"As long as you practice Headstand, always measure off."
You want to get a good distance there.
"Now, bringing the hands forward."
"Hold on, hold on."
Coming forward.
"Now, without moving the elbows you bring the arms forward."
Make sure you don't let them come out and apart.
Because this is your base for your Headstand.
Alright.
Now placing your spot on your head where you would balance a book onto the floor.
"Now, notice his fingers aren't clinched."
They're nicely relaxed and the thumbs are kind of braced on the back of the head.
Now go ahead and tuck your toes.
Straighten the legs out.
Slowly walk a little bit forward until you have a nice long spine.
And just lift.
See how he just lifts up the knees?
Try not to ever kick up into Headstand.
"Then, slowly lifting up."
Beautiful.
Ok. First and most important thing about Headstand is you start and you end in Child Pose. The last thing you want to do is kind of throw the blood up to the brain and then just kind of throw it back out.
Now if he is going to be pressing equally into his tripod pulling in through the belly giving yourself a nice base.
Keep pressing into your tripod.
Keeping pulling in through your belly.
And you get a beautiful Headstand.
Headstand is a very healthy pose to do for yourself.
It relieves the cardiovascular system.
Think about all that little blood that takes longer to get to the heart.
This way it's just slowly flowing down gently.
"So, I'm going to have him come into Child Pose first."
"Relax, take two nice deep breaths."
Find that nice calming center.
"The most important part about Headstand is your base, your tripod."
So I'm going to have him go ahead and push up to the elbows measuring off.
Very important.
In this clip you are going to see how to repair a combination.
"At that point, you can either use your lamp, your ultraviolet lamp to cure it, which I will do right now."
"Otherwise if you are outside and most repairs can be done outside on nice days, you can just let the sun cure this."
Okay we are going to start with repairing a combination break.
With all breaks you always want to start off with drilling in and opening that up so that you can do the repair.
"After drilling in, you want to tie into any of the fingers that are going every different way by tapping into it."
"Notice how that I am not tapping too hard, just light taps that I loop around that break."
"Then the final part of the process is taking the bridge and injecting into the piston with this resin so that we can place this over the break, suction it to the glass and apply our piston to the glass."
Now the piston is the part that is going to most of the work.
"After everything has gotten set up, you want to make sure that the sunlight isn't curing it and we are actually in a garage so we will be using an ultraviolet light, a lamp."
What you will do is siphon the air out with a siphon process and go back to injection and you will do this process a couple of times until you have the break completely filled with resin.
"Hi there, I'm Tracy Goodwin and I'm the red sweater lady and today we're going to be talking about how to build a character."
"And, this is primarily for actors, but possibly for directors or anyone involved in humorous interpretation, dramatic interpretation, any UIL events, or maybe you're just having to learn some material for an acting class or a speech class."
"And that's what we're doing when we're taking on a character, whether it's in a play or even for a grade in a classroom, is we want to recreate, or be, a real character, or just like a real person."
"So, I want to talk to you today about all the things that you need to consider so that your character can be perceived as real and your character can be fully developed."
"There are some definite things that you want to do when you develop a character, some very specific questions that you want to answer and some very specific things that you want to know about your character."
And I'm going to talk about those today and tell you exactly what you need to do to build a strong lifelike character because that's what we're really trying to do.
We do certain things in life.
We act a certain way.
We have a certain background.
We look a certain way.
We speak a certain way.
We walk a certain way.
In this clip we are going to be talking about how to pick a topic for an interview.
That's what I mean by critique you have to have a topic ready to interview the subject about so that everything can move quickly.
If you're at a live sporting event and you are watching the game it's great to be there but you are working so you have to bring a note pad and take notes.
"For instance if you're watching a professional football game you just don't want to say the score is 15 to 16, which is a weird score for a football game, I know, but you want to say ""Wow, Tom Brady thrown 3 interceptions so far and the Patriots are still playing well."""
"You want to be able to critique the game as you watch it so when you pick a topic you go into the locker room or where ever the interview session is you will pick your topic and follow that topic, that's what you will be interviewing on."
"So will kind of have your things planned out, that way you don't get into the locker room or the interview area and you're bumbling around and you don't know what you are talking about."
A lot of times reporters who are unprepared allow all the other reporters at the interview session to ask questions and then they'll just hold the mic.
There.
You can always tell who's prepared by who asks the most questions and who asks the fastest questions.
"Because like I said, if you listen to the interviewee you know what he's talking about but if you come prepared to say well in the 3rd quarter you threw an interception what were you trying to do."
"OK, so now in this clip we're going to talk about idling."
"I go back to your pole, your friend, whatever is going to hold you up while you're trying to do this."
You don't really have to do that.
"It just keeps you, it keeps you up straight, you can't just, and you can't just stay on your unicycle stationary."
You have to be rocking back and forth to stay up.
"So, that's the reason you idle."
"And this is after you practice idling for awhile, holding onto something and then just keep all your weight on this foot, and just let go, and see how many you can do."
"As we said before, you're going to start with the unicycle in front of you and the pedal, at a kind of forty-five degree angle, rock up on to it, holding on."
I'm putting all my weight on to this pedal.
Find that other pedal.
"Now, when you have all the weight on this foot, what you're going to do is just start rocking back and forth with your other foot."
"So, I'm leaning all my weight here, and I'm just pushing forward and backward with this foot. And, I don't really; I have the pedals coming up, probably around a forty-five degree angle."
"I don't really have them, I don't, when I'm rocking on the idle, I'm having it from here to here, pretty much."
"I'm not coming up too high, when I'm idling."
Our super hero's starting to really shape up.
But we have some additional effects you want to make sure we do before we're done with this initial black and white pencil drawing.
Now we also have the other web sling fluid which he's just letting go of.
The skin is letting go of something so we have to make sure we draw that in here.
This is more of web slinging stuff.
Let's put this in here.
It's material that loops around a lot.
It's very dynamic.
So now we basically go back through there and we just kind of scraggle around the edges.
"See how I'm kind of like going around like in little spirals all the way around it, all the way to the top?"
"Now come down in some thick lines, thick tapering lines."
Because this is supposed to be more of a rope like substance.
"And that is first off, there's some of the other things going on in this."
"And there you go, now you have your web slinging fluid back behind there."
The last thing is kind of a bit of a background.
Right now our hero's on a white ocean.
And let's draw in some other lines back in here.
You should show some dynamic flow.
"And down around here diagonally kind of show a little more, a little more dynamic, a little more action, just right in here going all across the page."
It makes it a little more interesting.
Let's make it snowing behind him.
"So a couple of circles randomly placed, different shapes and sizes all flaking our hero."
"And at this point you've completed your friendly neighborhood Spiderman slinging home on a very very cold winter afternoon, perhaps on his way to a family gathering or hopefully someplace else nice and warm and give him a break from fighting all that crime."
"First off, Spiderman, he's suspended in the air."
"Where's he's going? He is web slinging which means you have to make sure you have the web sling out. Two lines, drawn straight out, and then basically draw a bunch of spirals the first time through."
"Now draw more lines coming out, just like so."
And then I go back here and I draw one more line of spirals at a slightly different angle.
"There you go, you have web sling fluid."
With my little sister Ashley.
"So, we are on section three, and as you can see, when I go back I actually may start to do this over."
"With that under one, I'm going to add some more hair, and switch hands."
"Bring the top one under, and what am I going to do with it?"
Add some hair.
"Switch the sides, so grab it with your hand."
What are the next fingers that grab?
"It's the one that just went under, top, then under."
"Okay, grab some more hair, add it to the bottom one, switch sides, put that one in your hand."
Where does this top one go?
It goes right here and then this one goes on the bottom.
"Okay, what am I going to do next?"
"I told you earlier that it was a little loose, as you can see that hair's a little bit loose."
"Grab some more hair, and that process just goes over, if you'll see, and over and over again, okay?"
Grab it with your hand.
"The next one, and then the next one, just like that."
"So, depending upon how long you want the hair to last, you may want to redo that if it look loose like that."
"Okay, so I have, I'm still doing the same technique, I'm doing a crossover like that but while you were away I kind of switched my hands a little bit, there's other techniques that I won't show you right now, but, alright, so my hand is holding my middle finger, my pointer finger is holding the bottom one."
"I've got my pointer finger and my thumb holding another, and I've got basically my fingers back here holding on to, with my hand, the third tuft."
So in one hand I've got three tufts of hair right here.
"Now with my other hand, what am I going to do?"
"I'm going to grab some more hair and I'm going to put it underneath on the lower one, and then cross over, bring this under."
"That's that difference between a cornrow and French braid, is you bring it under."
"So, let's talk abut pest management in the hoophouse. Thankfully there aren't as many pest pressures or disease pressures in the hoophouse and that's largely because of the nice dry environment, the diseases, the plagues, the lights, the fungal infection, they just don't attack plants when their nice and hygienic and dry on top."
"So, we really don't have to resort to some noxious poison or chemicals product."
"The other goal with integrated pest management is to interrupt the cycle of the pest so, sometimes in the middle of the winter, I'll open up in here and let some nice cold air in, because the plants can handle it but some of the pests will be killed and sometimes we will also, introduce beneficial organisms."
"For instance, by growing alliums and onions and leeks, when they go to seed in the next couple of weeks, their flowers attract many beneficial organisms which actually come into the hoophouse and dispense with the pest."
"So, that's the first good news, the bad news is you still do get pest."
"We get aphids, we will get some different kinds of worms that make their way in here, but the flee beatle's , the potato beatle's, the kinds of pest that ravage the outdoor crops, they seem to be inhibited by the, by the barrier even with the windows open and the doors open they seem to not get so well into the hoophouse."
"So, as far as our pest management policy we generally use something called integrated pest management."
And that's jargon for whatever works without using poison .
"We don't resort to poisons, and occasionally we will lose some crops to various pest, but generally if food crops are kept healthy, if they're robust and growing strongly, they resist almost all diseases and pest."
"So, that's the first goal is prevention."
"Once, we have pests, you can see, here is a perfect example, we have a little aphid infestation on the leaves of this heirloom broccoli, now that's an ugly site there, but, I know that it's not going to take down this broccoli it's only going to inhibit it's growth a little bit."
"If we can get this broccoli this big, then it will laugh at those aphids."
"I'm with the Kelly White Team, and today we're going to tell you how to buy a house."
I'm taking my time.
"I'm spending my dollars, I'm spending my hours finding you your perfect home."
All this is saying is that you're going to be respectful of our relationship and not stray.
"Don't you stray, that's all it's saying."
And it doesn't cost you anything.
It isn't a contract.
"It is legally binding, but it's all spelled out."
All it's saying its just a loyalty agreement.
"It's saying you're going to respect me as a real estate professional, sign it."
"Okay, now I'm going to talk about the exclusive buyer/broker agreement."
That's a big fancy word for loyalty agreement.
What's going to happen sometimes in most cases your realtor is going to ask you to sign this.
Don't be afraid.
All it's saying is saying that you are going to be loyal to me.
"I'm going to show you these houses, you're going to use me, you're not going to call other realtors."
"If you're interested in another property, you're going to call me to show it to you."
"All it is it's saying I as a realtor, am trusting you."
Hi!
The base line for my compost starts in the compost pile.
Where I finish it up as here in my compost crumblier.
This allows me to turn compost over a lot quicker then it would take if I just left things in the pile.
Now the things to look for when you make your compost is that nice dark black color that lets you know that you are really breaking things down in to good organic matter.
Don't worry if things don't finish off completely.
The worms and the microbes in the soil would help finish that off for you.
"Some great ways to use this compost in the garden is to actually till it as a amendment and work into your soil, but what I have done over the years and part of the reason I have such a nice loose soil is simply to use this in the garden as a mulch, and as I plant new plants I simply come in mulch around it with a little bit of compost."
"This helps preserve moisture in the soil, it helps add the microbe organism that are necessary to release the natural food sources in the soil and in the compost that I just added and it is the base line for good organic gardening."
If you don't have a compost heap in your yard a compost tumbler is a great place to start but certainly there is room in everybody's yard to make your own compost.
Hi!
I like to talk for a little while about compost in the garden.
"I'm a organic gardener so compost in my garden is probably the most important key for behaving good soil structure, humus in the soil that is later going to turn in to the food to my plants."
"Now compost could come in any number of different ways you could get it bagged, pelleted from a commercial sources, but my favorite way is to make a my own compost."
"Now my compost doesn't finish up quiet as nice as some of those commercial products but it uses things on hand in my yard and it turns them onto the soil and you could see here that I have in my soil well there is little bits of leaves, twigs, pine needles, and over the years of adding these to my soil it helps really build up nice."
You could see I could just dig in my soil with my hands.
I could dig down almost a foot bare handed.
It is nice loose soil but my plants really appreciate.
"Now, in this segment, we're going to learn the ten second and five second countdown cues for a news anchor."
"Now, generally, when you give your cues, you're going to want to be pretty close to the front of the prompter."
"Then, when they come, and then when four comes, you go four, and then three, and then two, and one."
"Now, you don't say that, if they're talking."
"If you say that and they're talking, of course, you're going to go over air. You're going to sound kind of stupid."
They're going to be a little mad at you.
Your director's going to be a little mad at you.
But it does happen.
"Now, when you're coming out of the sound byte or commercial, it is ok to give a verbal countdown. So, say you're coming down from five seconds, you want to say, ""Five,"" and also do the hand movements."
"So, you go, ""Five, four, three,"" but you don't say, ""Two"" or ""One."" And then, of course, you always give your cue at the end, that way they know, ok, they're coming on, they're going to be there, they're going to be talking."
"This one's a little bit different than other ones because, as in your thirty second cue, you want to be on the side of it."
"But, of course, you don't say, ""Two"" or ""One,"" just in case something happens, to where you come back early from it or a mic gets turned on, something like that."
"You never, ever want to get caught on air talking or moving your hands in front of the camera or hitting the camera, anything like that."
You want to be as discreet as possible.
You don't want people to even know that you're there.
"And your fifteen, you kind of want to be on the side of it."
"But your ten second cue, you can also be on the side of it."
"Some anchors usually, you know, this is pretty much the universal sign--ten seconds, two hands, all five fingers up."
"So, you usually want to have it like that."
Hold it up there for about two or three seconds.
Then you can take it away.
"Now, when you get to five seconds, you want to have your hand up, all five fingers."
"So, what do you wear for performing for belly dancing?"
"Hi, I'm Johanna Kryntyzky from Hip Expressions Belly Dance Studio in St. Petersburg, Florida."
It's very traditional to have lots of fringe in the Turkish style costumes.
"So we're looking at seeing a stream lined look, and we're also seeing a bit more of these cut outs that you'll find."
So they'll be cut outs down the side of the leg.
"Now, always in belly dance costuming, you want to consider your audience, and you want it to be appropriate for your audience."
"So you want something that's fashionable and tasteful, and looks great on you."
"I'm Johanna Krynytzky with Hip Expressions Belly Dance Studio, helping you with the latest fashions in belly dance."
Let's talk about the latest fashions in belly dancing costuming.
"Now you may be familiar with the traditional bra a and belt, which usually goes on over a big, full skirt."
"This style of costuming was very popular in the 1970's when belly dancing first came to America and became very, very popular in some of the Greek and Turkish night clubs."
"Lately, you're going to find some fashions coming out of Egypt, such as this."
"I got this from Joe Hurrah, who's a fashion designer in Miami."
"And what we have now is we're seeing more of these one skirt, where there's no separate belt attached, the bead work is actually on the skirt."
"So you'll find that in the bras, again, very similar, a little more clean cut."
Not so much fringe hanging down.
So we're going to focus on another area that compensates for this tense area in your back where the S curve is and it's in your shoulders so again we don't want to apply too much pressure so again what I'm going to do is kind of put my finger on a cubital and kind of push away from the top of the shoulder blades.
I can count a lot of knots and tension in the shoulder blades.
"We just want to push that part out, just push it out."
Get a nice reference point and base it in there and then push out from the shoulder.
It will feel really really good to stretch.
You are actually pressing on the knot but the pressure feels good and then the opposite side with a lot of pressure.
You really really want to put a lot of pressure on this side to take away from the tension.
Next we're going to do a stretch.
We're going to stretch the actual scapula and stretch this all out so there is more movement in that area.
Alright.
"We have washed, trimmed and are boiling our asparagus."
Our rice has been covered and reduced and so we're going to start preparing for our rice here.
"We're going to cut our cilantro. So we're going to go through our cilantro and find any pieces like this and just move them off to the side, and then once we've done that and try and bunch them up like we did the asparagus with the leaves up at the top and the stems down on the bottom and then we can take that and simply cut the stems off and discard those."
With the middle of our knife we're just going to go along and chop our cilantro and once the leaves have more or less been broken up we're going to put our hand - not at the end of the knife but close to it to hold it steady - and we're going to use the back part of our knife because this is generally the sharpest part of the knife.
It's used the least.
And whenever you want to cut herbs this is the quickest and quietest way to do so.
So go ahead and cut this until all of the big leaves have been cut.
"Okay, in this clip, we're going to, I'm going to show you how to portion the fish."
This is a lot of fish.
So what usually happens is they're going to take a relatively smaller section off the tail.
And you're going to get about a six to eight ounce portion maybe is a good serving for someone.
"And that?s a pretty, pretty uniform thickness."
"A little tapered off in the tail, but it's a pretty uniform thickness."
That will be one serving.
What I always like to do is cut down the middle of the fish to basically split the rest of the filet in half.
"You can see it's pretty thick, there's about a good inch and a half thick."
A lot of chefs are going to butterfly this open in some direction where you can still have a thinner piece of fish and they can get more out of their servings that way.
Okay.
"Now, you basically have twice as much fish, half as thick."
This filet probably weighs about three pounds.
And you know could cut that in half and these would be two more portions.
And this is not by any means exactly accurate the way you're going to get it.
"A thicker filet, once again, I'm going to cut it straight down."
"Very thick filet, hard to cook evenly."
"We're going to try to, just cut this butterfly this open to get two filets out of this."
Two more filets.
Okay?
Do the same thing in the head area.
And you don't really want to waste anything because this fish is not cheap.
Natural resources getting harder and harder to come by.
Okay?
"So, we are going to leave as much fish on here and throw as little away as we can."
We want to sell this whole fish.
We want to eat this whole fish.
"And now, we have two more filets."
"So out of one side, I believe I got six filets, six portions."
You can't eat that much fish.
One person won't be served this much fish.
"So we're going to take the fish and we're going to cut it into, what I would consider equal portions."
Maybe what a chef would do in a restaurant and that's how they would serve it to you.
"Okay, the fish is not even as far as thickness."
"You have got the tail portion, the head portion and you have the thickness mainly in the middle."
We're back we are going to be steaming broccoli today and before I do that I'm going to give you some tips on buying vegetables.
The first tip you want to get is get friends with your produce guy cause he is your buddy.
He is going to teach you how to pick the right ones.
"In looking for vegetables you want to look for the greenest possible, a little yellow is okay and then I have a certain test that I like to do it is called the finger test."
A little firmest goes a long way.
A like the florescences because it is already done the work is all taking away for you.
You may have to trim off a little bit of brown on there but that is about it.
"The reason I chose broccoli today is because broccoli is very good for antioxidants, it has a lot of calcium, and there is just a lot of flavor in it."
The next step we will move onto is cleaning you vegetables.
This upper body tubing exercise is called the shoulder front raise.
"Take your tubing which should be about light to medium resistance, place it down on the floor and step one foot into the tubing."
Always make sure that you have your abdominal muscle engaged and that will protect your back.
We are going to have great looking shoulders out there as we put those tank tops on; getting ready for the beach that's for sure.
And that is the shoulder front raise exercise using the tubing.
And the tubing should be right underneath the arch of your foot.
Start off by simply raising one arm at a time.
"As you're doing the shoulder raise, make sure that you just lift your arm right to shoulder height."
You don't want to go any higher.
We don't want any problems with those shoulder joints.
"And exhale as you lift, inhale as you lower."
"Now if you want to make it a little more challenging, go both arms at the same time."
Lift up and lower down.
Standing side flexions with the weights by side.
An exercise for an area right here in the middle section of your body.
And you see that this alignment right here.
So you want to keep the line going up all the way to the crown of the head.
Exhale.
Inhale.
Exhale.
"Do a few, make sure you do same number on one side and the other, and you'll have good looking core before you know it."
"You're going to stand up tall, and I want to show you from the side that your hips are going to be tucked in, and your belly is going to be in."
Without letting the shoulders hump like this.
So you really want to keep it tall and just like if you're looking into your zipper right here you're going to tuck those hips.
"Okay, your knees are going to be slightly bent as you do that."
"So when you keep your weights by the side make sure that you're also keeping your chest tall by squeezing your back muscles, bringing the shoulders down by using the back."
"Keeping your feet under your hips, parallel, bending the knees a little bit with the tuck in vacuuming your tummy."
"You're going to take an inhale and reach with the weight, exhale coming up."
"Make sure that your head follows the line of the spine, meaning the head is going to want to do this."
"In this segment, we're going to talk about how to do gum massage on your dog."
"The younger the dog is, the easier it is to get them used to having your fingers into their mouths."
"If you do five seconds today, maybe tomorrow you can get ten seconds."
"And every day that you get your fingers into your dog's mouth, they're going to tolerate it a little more."
"And, if you start as puppies, they're really going to be used to it and not push you out."
"And it's very important to massage their gums, as important as it to brush their teeth."
"And by massaging their gums, you're moving the circulation, keeping their gums healthy."
So you can just start on one side and do small circles all the way around their gums.
And they will lick and they may try and get your fingers out of there and you just have to keep at it and get them used to it.
Yes.
Sometimes you can use a little bit of doggy toothpaste in a flavor that they like and that'll help them get used to licking your fingers and liking your fingers in their mouth.
"And small circles are the best and all the way around, making sure to get both the top and the bottom."
And you don't have to spend a lot of time doing this.
"This intermediate Pilates exercise is called the double straight leg stretch, and this is the fourth exercise; part of the five ab series in Pilates, so we really are going to focus really on those abdominal muscles."
"So, some on down, lengthen your legs straight up."
"If you have back issues and you want to modify this exercise, you can place your hands right up up up underneath your hips, and lower your legs down and lift up."
And you want to think about placing the lower part of your head onto the mat. And you want to perform that exercise anywhere between eight to ten reps. That is the double straight leg stretch.
Your head and shoulders are lifted off the mat.
Place your hands gently behind your head.
Try not to pull on your neck.
"And your legs are in a Pilates stance, meaning that your heels are together, and your toes are out like a V; pointing your toes."
Squeeze your inner thighs.
"As you lower your legs down, inhale, and then exhale as you lift your legs back up."
"Now, your focus here is to keep the lower back pressing to the mat."
"Inhale as you lower, and exhale as you come up."
Hi.
I'm JK Dooley and we're talking today about giclee reproductions and we're going to touch a little bit now about selecting what you want to print on.
"Paper is obviously a choice and there's a lot of different kinds of paper that you can choose from, and some are really good depending on what you're printing."
"So as an example, a really slick type of paper like this would be appropriate to print a photograph on if you were going to do photographic reproduction."
"It picks the, picks the image up really nicely, and then you have paper like this that's a little rougher that would be really appropriate say for a pastel image or even, obviously a watercolor."
This is a watercolor paper.
"Some papers are really very good for a canvas piece, and if you don't want to print on canvas, but you have a canvas piece that you'd like to reproduce you can obviously do that on paper and there's papers that are more suitable for that too."
So it's really a personal preference.
There's a lot of different kinds to choose from so I would suggest going out there and looking around and just seeing what's available.
"So next, we're going to add some lip color to Sherry."
"So, rather than using a full lipstick, especially for Spring makeup, I don't really think that you need it so I'm actually going to use a stain on Sherry."
"So I'm just going to use my ring finger and I'm just going to start to kind of dab this, right on her lip and you can see it automatically gives color, but because it's a stain, it's going to stay all day."
"And this is more of like, this kind of Hot Pink-Red and it sort of gives that Bee Stung look."
"It's really, really pretty and you can see how pretty it is with that purple that we have on her lids."
"So, I'm just going to blend this in really lightly."
"I'm not going to do a ton, 'cause she really doesn't need it."
You definitely can use a lip brush if you want to but you don't have to.
"You can also use a lip liner if you feel like you need a little bit more definition, I definitely understand that."
"Sherry doesn't necessarily need it, so we're going to skip the liner with this today but, and using a brush to put on this stain is going to give you a lot more color, but I just sort of want to give the Bee Sting look, so I'm just going to pat it right on her lip and leave it at that."
"Okay, so the last exercise I'm going to show you is for the lower back."
"Really important place to work and a lot of people forget to do it or just don't feel like doing it because it's not one of those things that they're always looking at in the mirror, but it's so important."
"I would do 10 times on each side and then you're going to make it a little bit tougher, you're going lift, hold and then try without moving your body, pull the elbow into the knee without moving the rest of your body, you can move the elbow and knee and then bring it right back out again and then switch."
This just adds a little dimension to it.
"Pulling in, makes it just a tiny bit tougher, out, and drop and again."
"I try to get my clients to do about 5 to 10 reps on each side, hold it 5-10 seconds and down."
I always end them with cat stretches.
"Which I'm sure you've seen, but you want to make sure you do right."
"So you're just going to drop and then just like a cat when it gets scared, you just round out your back."
"I see a lot of people who kind of do stuff with their upper body, that's not how it is, you want to keep your shoulders nice and low, straighten out, round out, exhale, get it all out and then drop and flatten it out again like you're a table and then pull in."
Exhale as you pull in and drop.
That should be a really relaxing exercise and really relaxing way to kind of finish off your workout.
"Especially as you get older and you kind of start to hunch over, if your abdominals and lower back are not strong."
Make sure that you keep that breathing going and just let it go and then just give yourself a hand for doing such a good job.
We've did a whole bunch of exercises that don't require anything but your body and you can do them anywhere.
"I hope that you had a good time and remember you want to keep good form, keep the abdominals working at all time and you can always email me at heatherrider.com, if you have any questions."
"Nothing should hurt, your knees shouldn't hurt, your back shouldn't hurt, you should just feel good and worked out after this workout."
Hope you had fun.
"So, I'm going to show you some exercises that you may already know, but in progression."
"So, this is just called a quadruped."
"Making sure that your body is nice and straight and that your shoulders, watch out for the tent shoulders dropping."
So all you're going to do is extend that right arm and if you're able to extend the left leg or just the opposite leg and arm and just hold it for about 5 to 10 seconds and then slowly come down and switch.
The big mistake I see people make here is they kind of wiggle around and they kind of lift too high and then they drop it down.
Everything needs to be done very slowly and deliberately.
Lift and lower.
This is a Spanish Oak tree that grows well in Texas. They can get quite large up to 80 feet and get quite big enough where it takes couple of men to get around.
They are native in the creek bottoms and areas where you can get a little water not so much anymore in the areas of Texas.
The tree is quite well adapted and it makes a good shade tree as you can see from this one.
It makes a high shade canopy and it is not susceptible to a lot of diseases that the other Oaks are susceptible to.
They are well known in Texas as a yard shaped tree.
Hi my name's Michelle and I'm a dental assistant with Solutionz and I'm going to explain to you on how to gargle with mouth rinse.
"Pretty much what you want to do initially is get the mouth rinse, read the directions on the back to figure out as far as the measurements on how much you should rinse with."
And then pretty much follow the directions.
So in this case we are going to pour half a cap full of the rinse.
You're going to place it in your mouth.
Swiss it around to get it started and then tilt your head back and force air through your throat which in return will cause the gargling effect.
Ok here I go.
And once again my name's Michelle and I just showed you how to use mouth rinse to gargle.
"With your damp book up on edge, with all of the pages fanned out, it?s just as important now, as with your saturated book to have good air flow."
"So once again, I'm going to turn the air filter on."
"So you always want to have your book up on end, spread out for it to dry."
"One thing to remember though is that once you have it out on end, you don't need to check nearly as frequently with your damp book, as you do with your saturated or partially wet book."
Because for the most part is fairly dry.
"However, you do need to come and flip the book once in a while."
"This is to ensure that the pages, because they will be pulling just a little away from the spine."
Are not going to pull away entirely in one direction.
"So as long as you keep flipping the book, then you are going to have much more even drying."
And this way it also ensures that the tops and bottoms of the pages aren't drying at a much slower pace than the rest of it.
Because they are against the bottom of your table.
Of course you can use an oscillating fan.
"It's important for you to have, if it?s a fan, for the air to be moving constantly and not just blowing directly on the book."
Unless the fan is across the room.
"Because otherwise you could end up damaging the pages by bending them, perhaps, with the flow of air if it?s too strong."
"So like the air filter, it?s a much lower speed of air, that coming through."
One thing that's very important to remember is you never ever want to have your book on its covers like this.
"This is not going to do any good for your book, its going to pull it away from the spine here."
"And it?s also going to damage the pages, because they are going to be flattened on the edges where they've been presses against the table."
A really great way to get a good back stretch as well as to get a chest opener is with an easy seated pose with a fish pose so Gina and I are just going to come back to back and we are just going to sit in an easy seated pose.
That means your feet are just comfortable and your knees are comfortable and out to the side.
Inhaling coming back up and then it is always nice to end your session with a sun moon breath body length so inhale draw the arms up and exhale draw the energy into heart center.
We are going to press our shoulders together.
"As we inhale Gina is going to fold forward and just get a nice back stretch and lengthen through her spine and I'm going to open my spine up, opening my heart up to the sky and ready to receive energy."
"We're going to inhale, I'm going to lift up and come forward and Gina is going to open her chest now as I release through my spine good."
This feels really good and really nice to come into a rocking back and forth motion.
Inhaling up and exhaling I am going to lean back as Gina stretches through her spine.
Make sure that you talk to your partner so it is not too much weight.
"Inhale, are we okay Gina?"
"Good and exhale come forward or lean back whatever is the case, depending on which side you are on."
"So the next step is, we're going to come to the ironing board and we're going to mark our side seams."
"So we're going to roll this direction, towards me so on the finished product you don't have one seam in and one seam out."
And so the sides are the short pieces here.
We're going to do a nice half inch roll and steaming it so it stays nice and firm because we don't want to have to come back and do that.
The steam is going to help set the crease in the fabric so when you sew it you don't have to use pins as much.
"Okay, once you get the first half inch crease in, you're going to go back to the top, you should always press in the same direction."
"And when we're pressing, we're actually pressing with the iron not sliding it."
I'll show you in just a second.
Now we're going to do a second crease and it's going to be a three quarter inch crease.
"So you're actually wanting to pick the iron up and press down on it, not slide it, and go to the other side and do same thing making sure that you have the rolls going both in the same side."
Today I would be talking about how to tack up a horse.
Once again it is important that the Velcro is pulling towards the back.
"Place the cup behind the horses leg, come to the front and then the Velcro pulls towards the back."
So boots are important when you are going to jump your horse or just for basic protection of support.
I especially like to use boots on my horse when they have horse shoes on cause the metal of the shoes can be damaging if they trip or hit themselves on accident.
So we just have 2 basic examples of boots for horses.
These are basic splint boots and you want to make sure that putting the boot on the padded area protects the inside of the horses leg where there are there ligaments are most like to be compromise.
The way that you put the boot on is that the Velcro always comes towards the back and that is how you know you have it on the right leg.
It just comes down to the bottom of the fetlock not pasted the joint where it might interfere.
The second kind of boot is a open front boot.
This protects not only the sides but the back of the horses leg and the fitting is very similar.
Hi there.
My name's Larry Omaha and I'm a professional stand up comedian.
But that's the only way you can become a comic and then grow in to becoming a full time professional comedian.
There's no other way around it.
"There might be one person in a million who is born to be a comic and just got up on stage one day and was funny and never had to sweat, never had to pay dues."
"But, I doubt it."
There's real no set education to become a comedian.
The education most comics have is street.
What they've learned in their life.
Education of living.
You certainly don't need a college education to become a good comic.
Some of the greatest comedians that we've had never made it past high school.
How does one become a comedian?
"On the other hand, there are many great comics who did have a college education."
Everyone's going to be different.
You don't have to go to a comedy school.
Some people do.
It is not necessary.
You don't have to get any kind of technical specific certificate or anything like that.
It is really a learn on the job type of profession.
The way most of us do it is by going out every night to clubs and wait to get on that stage.
That stage time is really the most crucial thing to becoming a comic.
"Without stage time, you'll never achieve, you will never grow, you'll never become a really good professional stand up comedian."
One creates a lot of material.
"Memorizes that material, rehearses it, refines it, performs it in front of strangers, every night sometimes and becomes so good that people want to pay to see them."
There is a lot more that goes on and involved with that.
It takes years to develop this material.
"It takes years to develop what they call your persona, to develop the kind of material that works for your persona."
It involves going to open mikes.
"Going to audition nights, going to audition nights, going to coffee houses, going to comedy clubs on their off nights and getting up in front of small crowds, sometimes two or three people and trying out that material."
Now I'll show you how to make the snout of our bear.
"I've chosen a few pieces of the larger pieces of cake that we've cut out and you want to just chose a few that when you put them together, will make a big enough piece for a snout and these are the pieces I've chose and I put them together like this and then you just want to trim and shape until you get sort of a snout shape."
"Now it doesn't have to be a perfect shape because the frosting will fill it out and give you the roundness that you want and then when you have it set, you can put a little bit of icing in between as glue and then we'll set that aside until we're ready to use it."
"Before frosting the cake, you want to take your snout piece and just try it on your teddy bear; make sure that it's a good size."
"It is going to end up being slightly larger because when you ice it over, it will give it a little more thickness."
"But that looks, that looks about right, okay."
"And if you want, you can frost it ahead of time and then leave it on the plate until it's ready."
"So this is what I would do, is just take some frosting and just frost that snout all around and then will set that aside and then when the rest of the cake is frosted, we can just lay it on and then we'll trim it; we'll just go over it one more time once it's on the cake."
It's a little bit easier to frost the snout before it's placed on the cake and then we'll just touch it up once it's on the cake.
And they tend to also do e's like that.
"OK, so that's the artistic form, and now kind of an extension of that would be ornate, very ornate kind of person."
"And that's someone who, they might be a little affected, or they might be someone who really likes to show themselves as somewhat more than they are."
Someone with lots of flourishes.
That kind of flourishy writing.
I'm sure you know someone who writes like that.
"And also lots of embellishments and stuff, and they might also be putting lines under their writing."
As you can see we have seven distinct forms of writing and that's probably the first thing you'll going to be looking at when you're looking at someone's writing is the overall form of it.
"OK. And now here's a writing which is someone who maybe is a little confused. And again, I'm going to try and do it, but this is someone who is kind of disorderly."
"As you can see, it's kind of all over the place."
"There's lots of different types of form within it, indicates maybe a lack of balance."
"OK, so that's what we call irregular."
"Now there's another type of form which we refer to as natural and simplified, and this might be someone who tends to keep the letters separate, keeps the letters separate, and as you can see, it's just very simple."
It's a simplified type of writing.
"And that again, is someone who, they're not pretentious, they don't have lots of flowery things, they're just a very natural, simple sort of person."
"OK, and now we have a form that we call artistic or creative, and this is where they tend to kind of throw in little curly q's, like if they were saying, I am trying, they might go a little circle for the dot, as you can see this g, which looks a bit like an eight, that's a sign of artistic also."
Next we want to talk a little bit about worms and puppies.
"When your puppy was first born it might have actually been born with some worms because the mother passes them in the placenta and in the milk, but it also could pick up some worms afterwards, and so I wanted to go ahead and go over some of these different types of worms."
"The one that we like is called Sentinel, and Sentinel is a really great product because it takes care of fleas, intestinal parasites, and also heartworm, and so if you give to your puppy this once a month, it'll prevent your dog from having all of these parasites."
"Now this particular product doesn't do anything for ticks, and so you may have to do some other thing for ticks if you're finding ticks in your neighborhood, or if you take your puppy out on a hike and you come back with ticks."
"Ticks are more common in the wintertime in this area because they need a little bit of moisture, and so if you're starting to pick up some ticks with your dog, you can use a topical product that we can recommend, or we have a really good tick collar that might help your dog from having these attached to him."
"If you get roundworms, these are hookworms, these are whipworms, these are some actually flea eggs that your puppy can get, we're going to talk about that as well."
"And these are actually heartworms, and heartworms are another problem that we get with dogs."
"That's transmitted by a mosquito and your puppy would not be born with that, but we're going to talk a little bit about products that we might want to use to keep your dog from getting these worms."
"And again roundworms are real common, that they can get passed from their mother."
In Southern California we don't have a real problem with roundworms after they become adults because they have to pass out of the dog and embryonate for three or four days before they go onto another dog.
And it's so dry in Southern California that we don't have a big problem with those.
"We're seeing more and more problems with heartworm, however, and it's spreading all over the nation."
And so it's one of those ones that you really want to prevent and to prevent it we have lots of different types of medications but it's an oral medication you're going to have to give your puppy every month.
"In this video clip, I will be showing you how to make a bevel or a radius."
On some projects you might want a bevel or a radius to give the edge a nice finished look.
"Using our planer to create a bevel, we are going to hold our planer at an angle whatever angle we desire and we are going to make about 4 or 5 passes just bringing down that edge."
"As you can see, that has taken that down and it will have a nice finished appearance on that edge."
"For a rounded edge, we are going to make a series of cuts turning the planer as we go."
This is going to start to create that radius.
Now you will probably want to come back and clean this up with a little bit of sandpaper.
"Okay, in this clip we're going to be drawing hair on our queen, and what we'll do is we'll start kind of like right along the edges here, and she, her hair is going to be very interesting."
"We're going to make it very, very full, and very poofy."
"As you can see, the huge feather coming out of her head."
"I come down the sides like this; draw the stem, a clearly defined stem coming up, and that will be the top portion of our good queen's hair."
"Now what you want to do also, is make sure there's a clear line defining where the feather begins, and where the hair ends, cause' you don't want people confusing the two."
You want people to clearly see that that is a feather on top of our good queen's head.
"Don't draw too much detail in there, because you don't want to, you know, you don't want to call too much attention to it, even though it is like hard to ignore really."
"It is sticking out of her head, after all."
"But yeah, I'd say we have a good start here, and what we'll do now is we'll move on to the next portion, and draw her shoulders."
"So, if you got the hair and the feather all set, go ahead and move onto...."
"Back then, the the styles were that if you, the richer you were, and the more royal you were, the more detailing got put into your, your face and your hair, and you knew that that woman was definitely royal if she had a very high, high hairdo; had it all up."
"None of it down here, nothing below the ears really, just all up."
"I mean, if she wore her hair down, that was either a sign that she was like so lower class type peasant, or she was maybe a, you know, just younger; like a princess or something like that, but that once you reached a certain age, you were never caught dead with your hair down, and you can sort of have a little fun with her."
"Like make her, at this point, look like she's got like a big old afro."
And then what we'll do is we're going to really have some fun here.
"We're going to draw a huge, huge feather coming off the top of her head there; a big, big, big thing, and this will be sort of her little headdress."
"So, just kind of start by drawing the lower edges of it; just lightly kind of come down; draw the, lightly, the edges."
Now come down like this; come up and draw a definite shape though.
Some of the common mistakes you may experience while learning how to do a nollie lipslide is basically getting into it and making sure that your back wheels clear the obstacle because they have to get all the way above it before you can lipslide.
So remember you are going to want to nollie and get over the obstacle and come down into it.
You don't want to hit it on the way up so you want to make sure that your nollie is high enough to get into lipslide.
"The other common mistake people make is that once you are sliding on the bar, the bar is just a small obstacle so it is really slick against your board, So a lot of times people find that they land on the lipslide and it shoots out."
"This can end up with you with both of your feet on different sides of the bar, in the middle of the bar or with your feet running into the bar, which is pretty bad."
So what you want to do is stay directly over the board and make sure you know how far the thing is going to slide and how fast it is going to slide so you are ready when you end up doing it.
In this clip I'm going to talk about another skin type that needs to exfoliate a lot.
That's acneic skin.
"If you are someone who had pustules and infected acne, you'd want to go for something more like the microfoliant which is the rice bran exfoliant which is going to be gentle because if you came on this skin with a rough scrub, you can break the skin and spread infection and bacteria and you'll get the opposite result that you desire."
You want to use something that also contains salicylic acid which is an antibacterial agent.
"Acneic skin meaning breakouts, blackheads, pimples."
It is so important to exfoliate but it's important to have you exfoliate when you have acneic skin.
"You're going to want to use, if you're oily with blackheads, you're going to want to use a more granular scrub like the Skin Prep Scrub that has the cornmeal that we used earlier."
This is a rougher scrub.
The skin is thicker.
It can handle it.
You certainly wouldn't want to use this on the sensitive skin.
The reason why we want to be more aggressive is really want to loosen those dead skin cells and allow the blackheads to release.
Let's talk now about how to select a jig rod.
There's many different varieties out there.
"It's very sensitive because the pan fish are very light biters so you want a sensitive rod tip, to feel that bite and also to cushion that fish as it comes up."
"Typically, with pan fish, you're fishing with very light line, maybe two or four pound test monofilament."
"That rod, again, is working to your advantage."
"They all come down, at their most basic, to having a handle and a reel seat, so you can attach your reel to it."
"Then simply, the more sensitive end of the rod, along with rod eyelets."
You can buy these jig rods.
It's a combination that come with both the rod and the reel or you can buy the rod and the reel separately.
"Ultimately, what you want to do is match the size rod and the action of the rod, to the fish species that you're fishing for."
"For example, if I were fishing for lake trout or bass or larger fish, such as that, I would want a rod that wasn't very flexible."
"I would want one even stiffer than this, that didn't have this give, because when you need to set that hook on a bigger fish or at greater depths, you want stoutness of that rod to work in your advantage."
"However, when you're fishing for perch or sunfish, you want a rod with lighter action that bends, almost at the drop of a hat."
"Hey guys, today we'll be talking about setting up DJ lighting."
In most cases DJs at clubs are not really responsible for setting up and maintaining the lighting.
"Lighting technicians are usually brought in, but we'll talk about it a little bit anyway."
"In most cases nowadays, lighting are set up on intelligent lighting controllers."
These are computers with dedicated programs that run all the series of different lights throughout the club.
"At any given time throughout the club, the engineer who is working the lights can just go over to the computer, select a different setting, boom, all the lights in the club change."
"And there's different things between strobe lights, cyber lights, par cans, LED lighting to change colors around the club, black lights and things that make things glow, and even CO2 and nitrogen and things that come down that look like smoke and fog and cold air and whatnot."
"It really helps the DJ because if the lighting guy and the lighting is set up correctly, it really just emphasizes the party and makes everybody's energy go a step further."
So a good DJ with a good lighting setup and a good lighting technician can make a great party.
"And now we're going to discuss landing on the lava field from the expansion, Volcarren Wasteland in Heroscape."
"Now, here we have our orc guy and he has a move of five and he's going to move through the volcanic field."
"We have 1, 2, 3, 4, 5."
"Now that he has landed on or ended his turn or ended his moves on a lava field, he is going to roll for lava field damage."
"Now, to roll for lava field damage, you are going to take one attack die which is a die with a skull on two sides and the blank on four and you're going to roll and there is a skull."
"Now, since there is a skull, you will put a wound counter on the card that is the orc's card and that will signify one damage that has been dealt to this creature."
"Now, this damage will take the creature to zero life then this creature will be destroyed and will be removed from the game."
"Once again, lava fields are very dangerous and if you move through a lava field, you will have to roll for every time you end your turn on a lava field square."
One of the biggest issues that come up in many non profits is the dynamic between the board of directors and those who we call operations the staff.
And what happens is the board wants to get involved in staff issues or the staff wants to cross over to the board operations.
"It's a mediate way to cause friction and that's what you really don't need to have, it's a good idea if the board frankly goes through board training and learn how to be a board of directors."
How to be responsible for the vision of the organization keep your eye on the finances but primarily set overall policy that has been carried out by the staff.
"When the board starts crossing into the staff area there is going to be conflict, there's no need for it, there's always a way around that sort of thing."
"What the staff needs to remember that they're trying to further the organization, they're taking a day to day needy greedy work of the group and making it happen."
"They should consult the board absolutely they should let the board now what's going on at all times, have open lines of communication at all times."
"But it's a good idea from the get go to have a slight line from the board and those folks from the operations, cause it makes everybody happy and makes things move a lot smoother."
"In the next segment I'm going to cover the publicity and the out rage of capacity of the building if you will for your organization, stay with me."
AMANDA CLAIRE: So here's a little volt meter.
Actually this is a multimeter.
"This one has different kind of levels of sensitivity here, right?"
"So you know, we can set this..."
"I'll set this on 20, which means it will measure up to 20 volts on that setting."
"And so, you know, I'll take this battery and I'll put you know, 1 on one side and 1 on the other."
Actually I need to look at this so let's see.
"So, I put 1 on one side and 1 on the other and aha!"
It measures 1.53 and so you don't think I'm making it up.
I'll show you.
Here's the battery and then we'll go like this and aha!
"It is measuring 1.5 something. Okay? 1.5 something, which is you know, through no small coincidence, the voltage of a AA battery."
There are a lot of functions that this particular one can measure.
"So, because this is measuring 1.5, that means this battery is still okay and it will still work for a little while."
"And so, you can use this to kinda test a bunch of batteries and as long as they're kinda measure up at about 1.5 volts, give or take of a few millivolts, you can still use that battery."
"Basically, what it is, is it's a little gadget that measures how much voltage is flowing between 2 contacts and you use these little kinda contact points, these little wires to make that measurement."
"So, you know, I wouldn't get too scared about a tool like this."
I know it sounds really technical.
Some circuit vendors work on project where it maybe is necessary to know how much voltage is flowing across the circuit board so that you might need to put a resistor in there or install a capacitor in.
"I'm not going to be talking about that much during this series because we're kind of talking about introduction of circuit bending but that is something that you may need a volt meter for in the future to be able to really make a good measurements of you know, the amount of voltage that's flowing across different parts of the circuit so you can calculate whether you need a resistor or a capacitor there but all that aside, a volt meter is also really helpful for testing your batteries."
You ought to see if they're any good anymore.
"One like this, basically, there's different kinds of volt meters."
We're going to do a nice little peck stretch for Keri here.
"So I'm going to come up, first starting in kneeling diamond."
And ask your client to intertwine their fingers.
Now slightly have them lean back just a few inches.
Take your hands on the outside and just gently start opening up.
Talk to your client.
Let them know is that enough?
Too much?
Little more.
Little more?
Good.
"Now ease off, and then do it again."
"I'm going to place a pillow on her back, and that's the reason is, is I'm going to be putting my knee into her back and I don't want to crunch bones against bones."
"Open up, good peck stretch here."
One more time.
Easing off.
And gently opening it up.
Perfect.
Ease them up slowly.
"Sweep the arms down, have a hand on your shoulders, steady yourself as you come down."
We want make sure they're comfortable.
And also you're safe.
So first placing my knee into her back.
Now I'm in a nice warrior stance.
I'm going to slightly slide my opposite leg back so I have some nice steadiness there.
"I'm going to sweep down, grab a hold of this hand place it behind the head."
"Sweep down, bring it back."
So now I've completed my scoring on the top ring and the bottom ring.
"The next thing I'm going to do is take a paint brush, you could do this with your finger or sponge, and simply go all the way around and put slip all over my scored area, like this."
"I like to just simply use a wet a wooden spoon like this, wet it down and put it on the inside."
And I'm going to use this as a support to push down the top part onto the bottom part.
I'm going to stick my spoon inside and then move the wheel around and apply quite a lot of force onto the base there.
So that the two parts become one.
"Again, holding this on the underside there, you can see that edge is being used, and pushing it up underneath, and pushing my finger down on the top to ensure a nice connection."
I'm actually applying more pressure than what it may look like.
Straight down you can actually see the clay working down into the body of the other part.
"Okay so now I've pushed the top part down onto the bottom part, the slip is there, I might want to take some extra slip afterwards and just simply go around the edge there."
"Then I can go over and take out any grooves that I might have put into the clay, like so."
"Perhaps take a sponge just to wipe everything down at the end, like that."
"I'm going to repeat the same process here, working my way all the way around giving lots of slip on there, like that."
"Any slur that might have gotten on there, take it off."
"Okay, so as you can see we have now completed the throwing and assembly of our two part vase."
"In the next section I will just be talking briefly about tips on finishing this up, and getting it ready for the kiln."
And we'll be talking about that next.
"Okay, so now I've completed slipping my pot and as you can see I have a nice thick layer on the top and the bottom."
When doing a two part vase like this you might want to then turn the wheel and simply make some circular marks to let you know where to put it on.
"We can get rid of these afterwards, these marks."
So now we have an idea of where we want to stick the top.
"Now we're going to take this top, turn it over, simply place it on to one of our rings, like so, maybe turn the wheel see how centered it is."
"You could repeat the centering process with a needle tool to get this absolutely and correctly in place, however that looks pretty good."
"So now what I'm going to want to do, they make a variety of tools to go inside."
In this section we're going to be discussing a model known as 123s of customer service.
"The three solve or identify your customers issue within three minutes now is that a hard and fast rule, no but it is a very good guideline."
When you put together the 123s of customer service you will be providing great customer service for him or her.
In this section we're going to discuss the model known as the 123s of customer service.
Now it is just a model meant to help you remember the different types of customer service and what is important as far as following those steps.
The one in customer service is to remember to deal with only one customer at a time.
It doesn't matter what customer just came before or what customer your anticipating will come next or whatever distractions maybe going around you.
It's most important to remember that when you're dealing with a customer that is only your customer at that time.
The two customer service is a two way exchange.
Now it's not always just all about the customer wants but you have some input or to make any of that experience great for the customer as well.
So remember two way exchange we will discuss all of these a little bit more detail.
Another great Restorative for releasing back tension is placing your legs up the wall.
"And you could do this with or without support, depends how high you want to lift your pelvis up."
You can let your legs rest slightly.
"This helps get circulation, the blood flowing down from the feet."
"If you spend a lot of time on your feet standing, anything like this, this is an excellent posture for relieving leg tension, helping get the blood out if you've got varicose veins problem and things like that, this also helps."
"Set your timer, grab your eye pillow and just rest your hand on your stomach."
And that's Legs Up The Wall Pose.
I place a chair here instead of; I don't have a wall nearby.
"So what you'll do is you'll scoot your bolster down, towards the wall."
You have your single folded blanket in the back.
"With the wall it's a little bit easier to do this, but what you'll do is you bring your behind up, so you probably want to scoot the bolster even closer."
"Then slowly scoot, if the wall was right here, so I'm going to scoot my wall closer, but you'll put your legs to the side and press your toes into the wall and then let yourself, legs go up the wall."
"Now my blanket, I need to scoot down, make sure it's nice and flat, any kinks within the blankets will make it quite uncomfortable."
And then slowly bring your legs up the wall.
"And with an actual wall here, you'll have support on your behind, all the way up your legs."
In this video clip we'll be calculating the area of a circle.
On this end table we're going to be putting a custom covering on the top and we need to figure out how much area this circle is.
"The first thing we need to do is find the diameter of the circle, here we have the diameter of about 16"" and we're actually looking for the radius."
"So we're going to take 8"" which is half of the diameter."
What we're going to do from here is take a pie times the radius square so it'll be 3.1416 X 8 X 8 and that's going to give us a total area of 201.05 square inches of that circular top.
"This is Anthony and we are going to talk today about tabletop photography, lighting tips."
Now one of the best types of strobe lighting I like to use for tabletop photography is a nice couple of big soft boxes.
Soft boxes are strobe units that have big white cloth box around them and I point them at 90 degree angles at my tabletop or some kind of angle and make the lighting interesting so that is one of the first lighting elements I like to use for tabletop photography.
Also Iike to use natural light when I can if I have a diffused window pointed at my tabletop.
Now that is not always possible in the studio so I really enjoy using the soft boxes.
The other type of lighting that I like to use is an underlight I call it and that is a tabletop that I can see through and I have a light that will come up from the bottom and again it really depends on what I am photographing.
Sometimes I will be photographing different types of scientific things that really need to look almost translucent where I c an almost build a layer of different types of whatever I am photographing so that back light or bottom light as I like to call it is very helpful.
The other type of lighting or part of my lighting set up that I like to use is a monitor. When I am shooting digitally which is almost 90% of the time in my tabletop photography the image that I shoot transfers right away to my monitor and I have a very big monitor so I can instantly see what my lighting looks like and it helps me adjusting and tweak and make my product or whatever I am photographing on the tabletop look the way I want it to look and those are some great tips on how to light tabletop photography.
Another technique that competitors like to use to intimidate their opponents is slamming their elbows on the table.
My wrist likes to be hooked.
"So he's got me like this, the best I can do is just hold on until he loses his momentum and then I can start gaining mine back because that's when he's weak."
Otherwise I end up straining my wrist and it's a sure thing that I'll end up losing the match.
This is no good.
This takes away from your strength.
The shock of your elbow from the table simply takes away from your advantage.
Remember that we're only flesh and blood.
We don't want to smack our elbows onto the table.
It's not going to intimidate anyone.
It never intimidated me.
"What we don't want to do is....if Richie gains his advantage as he's coming down on me like this and bends my wrist, I don't want to try and reflex my wrist as far as I can because I'm a hook wrestler."
So now that we have a nice done we are going to need to smooth this out and make it look a little prettier and we are also going to want to torch this so that the clay will be firm enough that we can make the cuts that we need to make into it.
It also helps make the dome smoother when you torch it.
"Now you want to undercut this, poke a hole for that air that builds up to escape and the water that is in there and we are ready to cut the holes."
"The reason for this, first you want to get your propane torch and it helps to have a tool, a pliers, to help open this up because your hands are going to be wet and you are not going to be able to turn that knob and then you need either a sparker or a lighter."
So you want to turn this kind of slowly and hold the torch against the pot.
This is going to serve a couple of purposes.
The first is it is going to dry this out a little bit for us which we need in order to do the next step.
The other thing it is going to do is the heat is going to expand the air on the inside of this dome and it is going to cause a little bit of pressure that is going to push against the walls of the dome so when we go back with our rib to smooth it that will actually help us out a lot to keep the dome from collapsing.
Now you don't want to keep the torch in one place for too very long.
"It is important to keep it moving so that you don't get any of the clay too hard, you can make it crack."
"And now that you have got it just a little bit firmer and drier turn off your torch, take your rib and smooth the dome out a little bit more."
"We're going to add one more element to our Egyptian Walk, circling with it."
"So as we travel, we're going to think about angling our body."
"And again here, it will be angled slightly, step and here, step."
"Let's try it again, with just plain Ibis arms, you can always vary, vary, put variations on the arms."
"Turning the left; step, up, shoulders are square to the wall, step, and step."
Good.
"So we still want to be square on with whoever we're facing, but we're going to angle the lower body, upper body stays square."
"So, it's going to be; step, twist, a little bit of twist with the lower body."
But the hip is still going straight up into the rib cage.
"Step and twist, again, step, and step, twist, step, lower body."
So what that means is that your feet aren't going to be square on to the wall.
Theyre going to be angled slightly.
Okay.
"So then as you turn, you're going to angle slightly from the direct line here."
Now I'm going to show you some things about bent water keys.
"This one here is bent and it is hitting the slide tube which is not a good thing, because you can about imagine, over time it's going to make a little dent in your slide which will make the slide not properly work."
"So we'll take our little round nose pliers and, this one doesn't need to be moved too much, and if you feel a little squeamish about doing this, go ahead and just take it to your local repair facility."
"I'm using my thumb as well as the pliers for a little bit of leverage, and we just want to move that over just a little bit to get it into the proper position."
"And if this is not, if this is bent, the key part that covers your water key hole, if that is bent then your slide will leak, you won't play properly."
So it's very imperative that your water key works properly on your trombone.
And that is how to properly repair a bent water key.
"So once we're in our split position it's very beneficial to try and bend forward with that, which will then stretch all of the muscles along the front of the leg."
"Now, it's very challenging to do this sometimes, so all we're going to try and do to begin with, is to walk the hands slightly forward, and extend them out as far as they can go."
"And from this position, just hold that position and breathe."
"Whatever position we get our bodies into, if we can hold the position and breathe, we give the muscles a chance to relax."
We allow them to fill with oxygen; we allow them to get the fibrous tissue to be much more flexible.
"So, holding positions and breathing is very important."
"And now we're going to make a, it's called a, it's a free form teapot."
Which means I'm just going to throw it.
So you want to start with a nice wedged piece of clay.
And you want to remember once you get that wedged that that's the part that's going on the wheel head.
And that's the part with the dimple that's going to go up.
"So other wise, this little dimple will give you problems all the way up."
"Now we got that, want to bring it to the wheel."
Going to clean off our wheel head.
From there.
Alright.
Now I'm going to put that over there.
I'm going to save it.
I'm going to assemble it.
Get this on center as much as possible.
I'm going to move it around.
"I'm going to make it to where this teapot looks like it's dancing, or I'm going to try."
So it's going to look like it's dancing or it's going to look like it's drunk.
"Either one, it'll be good."
And they're fun to make.
It's all about assembling.
"And, throwing these pieces, throwing slabs, all of it, it's real fun."
"My name is Abby Jones, and I am talking about the process of moving into a new apartment or a new space, and making that process easy and efficient."
And right now I'm talking specifically about organizing and moving into a new home office.
"So one thing that I noticed when I accessed this space was that there's no built in storage, and my furniture doesn't have any built in storage either."
"So something that I am going to use to create storage are these baskets which you can get at any kind of craft store or that kind of thing, and they kind of create faux drawers."
"So I'll place them on the shelves, put my things in them, and then I can just pull them out as I need it, but they help keep things contained, I can separate different kinds of supplies, different projects in each basket so it can all be contained in one space."
"As good of a tool as water-color pencil is, it's not always the obvious choice to use."
"Some of the detail that I get involved with, as an example, on ...with horsehair, you would think that a water-color pencil would work really well, and I could just go and make these fine lines and use a water-color pencil to do that."
"Typically, that doesn't work all that well, because what happens, almost every line that you make with a water-color pencil, you can only....you can't get as thin, you can't get as fine a detail, and about every third or fourth line that you make, you have to resharpen."
"So what would happen is, what you might obviously think a pencil would work great, chances are it won't."
"So you need to again, you need to experiment with your equipment, find out, okay, can I use a pencil on this, or do I just need a really, really fine brush?"
"And you'll see, as an example in this piece, the only place I used water-color pencil here was on some of the leather, and, all the rest of the pieces is used a really fine brush to get the horsehair."
"So, again, it just comes with experimenting and knowing your tools, and you can have a lot of fun with it."
"So as versatile as these pencils are, and as...really...they really work well for a lot of things, but remember, this is water color."
"So don't rely too much on the extra tools, and always go back to your original good-old fashioned paint and water and brushes, and you'll be happy."
"Hi, my name's Lincoln Ward."
"I'm the director of the Austin Tennis Center here in Austin, Texas."
"Not extra feet, but a couple extra inches worth of cut off."
But that's pretty much the length of the string on your tennis racket.
Today we're going to talk about how long the string is on your tennis racket.
"You'd be surprised that this, this little frame holds almost, or over thirty-six feet of string."
"These, the, the mains, which run up and down on your racket, use about eighteen feet worth of string."
These cross sections use about sixteen feet of string.
"However; the string, the exact amount of string you're going to use on your racket will also depend on the size of your, the head of your racket."
"As this, this head is much smaller than this head, it's going to use a considerable amount less of string."
"But any time you string your racket, you want to set aside about thirty-six feet, linear feet of string for your racket."
"The, the tie-offs will, will also add a couple of extra feet, and you have to cut off."
Hello!
"In the age of technology that we are in today, you need a lot more than just the demo to get signed."
The labels have been hurting to the point where they are being a lot more fussy about who they sign.
You therefore need to have something going with your demo.
It's not just good enough today to have music.
"All the labels do research and they are looking to find out if your act is playing out anywhere, can you sell tickets, do you have a song on the radio, do you have a big e-mail list, do you have any sort of a following."
You need something more than just the music today to solidify and give a label to be a reason to be excited about you.
"Because the cost of doing business today is so excessive and so expensive, that they are looking to limit their risk any way possible."
Today I would be talking about how to clip a horse.
So for this if you want to make sure we would cross over to the other side make sure that it is even.
That you have not missed any of these long hairs and you can see how ready he is getting a nicer profile.
The next thing that we would do is clip the underside of his jaw.
This is going to get his face just a nicer profile less of this shaggy look.
Again carefully turn the clippers on.
Make sure that your horse is comfortable with it.
"I like to start right underneath his chin where the muzzle, where we are going to be working in the muzzle before and just slowly work my way up."
That could be hard when you horse is really hairy as he is to get a nice even look because the rest of his hair is so long.
We would get this really long stuff off.
It is important to make sure that we get both sides evenly.
"And, this is how you perform Kung Fu sparing technique hook block side kick versus side kick."
"They slide up and kick, you're going to block hooking with the palm."
Blocking more with the forearm.
Pick the foot up and drive the kick into the solar plexus.
Do one more.
"One, two."
"From another angle, so you can see."
Switch your feet.
Slide up.
"One, two."
Just like that.
"Now, the hook block is used dropping the arm just like this."
Switch feet.
One slow.
One a little faster.
Just like that.
"Now, again this technique takes a little bit of timing."
You don't want to dodge too far to the left and you don't want to dodge too far forward.
"So, it takes a little bit of practice to get what your natural distance will be."
"Again, my name is Wes Rhodes."
I'm from the Chinese Kung Fu Academy.
"And, that is how you perform the hook block side kick versus side kick."
"As you do this technique, you're going to actually step to the side to get out of the way."
You're going to hook block and lift the leg up and then drive the technique into the solar plexus.
"So, here's one slow so you can see it."
"It's one, two."
One done a little faster.
"One, two."
"The way it looks with an opponent, they're going to do a left leg side kick and you're actually going to parry to the inside of their body."
Part of choosing what drug test is going to be right for you and your use in the home is of course the reason for which you are going to be using it.
"A common reason for people to purchase a drug test is when a parent or parents have concerns about their child using drugs, or when a spouse has concern about another spouse using drugs."
"One of the major differences between using a test that requires a urine sample and using a home test that only requires a cheek swab is that the chain of custody, as we would say in the medical or law enforcement field, needs to be preserved with the urine sample."
"It's possible for somebody to adulter or treat a urine sample after the fact to possibly skew the test results or to trigger a false positive, a false negative in the test."
Or even prior to that it is possible for someone to take a number of over the counter purchasable products that are designed to clean the urine of drug residue or mask any drug residue that might be in the urine.
This can be an issue for a parent who may not be to terribly comfortable with watching their child pee in front of them to make sure that they're not swapping out the urine or using another persons urine or adding an adulterant.
So for somebody who is looking to test a child or spouse to see whether or not they're using drugs a cheek swab may be more advisable.
"But in this case I'm testing myself and if you're testing yourself out of your own concern, a urine test should be just fine."
These are called pipetters.
And they get very precise volumes.
And if you just tour around our work place you'll see computers lying everywhere.
Everybody's got a laptop.
We've got desktops.
All the instruments are run by computers.
We have people working on super computers to do modeling.
So computing is a big part of it.
And I think if you don't like typing or computers or even kind of mathematical concepts you wont do well in this because that's a lot of what we do.
And then there are tools that are really more about re-agents.
So they're liquids or powders or chemicals or proteins.
And we'll have a hundred little bottles all labeled with things and we're mixing them.
We can get down to fractions of a micro liter.
And it's actually very abstract intellectually because we're mixing in with a pipetter a drop of this and a drop of that and following the protocol and in our mind we see them all interacting and building things that we know are in there.
And then we'll using an instrument to report out that everything is assembled correctly but there's nothing to see.
It's just a clear liquid sometimes.
And so those liquid or powdery agents are also tools that we use.
So it all has to integrate.
The instruments and the computing and the re-agents into experiments.
With the information sort of explosion in the last 10 years there are thousands of journals about scientific experiments in medicine.
There are so many we really can't just thumb through and read the journals.
Even in our own fields anymore.
"So there's a transition right now from print journals, and I have a stack of them on my desk across here where I get two or three a day and they stack up."
Very tiny volumes but do it very accurately.
And people used to thumb through them but more and more this is all being done virtually so publications are being put online and then we're doing automated searches around the virus that the work on or the cell that we work on.
"And any article that's relevant to us comes, it doesn't matter what journal it's in."
"So journals are still fighting for their survival and they're maintaining and there's some very high, the high end journals, sort of the best journals in our field would be Science or Nature."
There's another one called Cell.
So those are probably the three top journals where you'd see the very best discoveries being published.
But on the other hand most lay people picking that up would not understand the first word of those articles.
They're not good journals just to thumb through if you're not a scientist.
I think for a lay person Scientific American translates those kind of discoveries into language that you can understand.
So Scientific American is very good about writing things in a way that regular people can understand.
"But we're all trying to push our discoveries in to Cell, Science, Nature and these sorts of journals."
They have a bunch of sizes of these.
I would say there's two types of tools or maybe three really.
We use a lot of expensive equipment.
Some of the instruments that we use might easily be half a million or a million dollars.
And they have very intricate parts that are typically driven by computers and software.
So that's another set of things that we do a lot of work on is computers.
COSTA WAEZ: I was going to talk to you today about how we do maintenance.
Let's start with this hookah here.
"The bottle, also, the same thing, water and soap, clean, dry, and be ready to use again."
"Just to tell you, every time you're going to smoke hookah, you're going to change the water."
"When you're going to clean the hookah after you finish smoking, you be careful when taking this one because this one preserves heat and make sure don't touch it and burn your hand."
"Just move it carefully and place it in the sink or on some place that you don't burn anything, and take this one apart, you wash it."
"And if you wash it in the dishwashing machine, that's fine if it's dishwashing machine safe."
"And also, you can wash it with a hand, and you can soak it with hand, hot so--with hot water and soap, and the bottle, the same thing."
"When you take it apart, make sure the pipe always will be dry."
Don't touch it with water and don't get it cleaned with anything.
This one will be soaked in the water.
In this segment we are going to be talking about how to find a used car online.
There are a lot of web sites now days dedicated strictly to used cars.
In fact every single dealership out there should have an online web page that will take you directly to their used car inventory.
"There are also other companies, newspapers; online automobile services that should allow you to shop for your next new used car right online from the comfort of your home."
So dont forget that online is a really good way to shop for another used car.
Jewelry can be another one of the most fun things you can do with crocheting.
Now a lot of times you may see people making yarn into chokers and things.
Make another chain and continue on.
In these particular cases we have three chains in between each bead.
And I've used magnetic clasps to close the necklaces.
As well as toggle clasps for the bracelets.
The ring is made with stretchy elastic thread.
And you can wear it on any finger and impress your friends with your huge rock.
"However, what you may not realize is that you can use wire to crochet."
I like to use 28 gage wire.
And you can.
"It comes in a silver tone, a gold tone and you can even get it in a copper tone."
And it's very simple and easy to do because its simply chaining.
What you do is you string your beads on your chain in the order you want them to be.
Then you chain a couple of chains.
Go around your bead.
"Hi, this is Rachael Richardson, with Nutrolution, in South Beach, Miami, Florida."
"In this clip, we're going to talk about how to pack a fresh, nutritious lunch, for your children, and it's very important."
"I've worked with so many adults, and adults who have been raised on healthy foods."
"They at least know how to revert back to doing that, so it may be the biggest gift that you can literally give to your children, is to teach them how to eat healthy, and there's lots of healthy food, that kids actually really, really like."
"It's just a matter of doing a little experimentation, finding those foods that your kids like, and taking a little extra time to pack them up, so always start with a healthy protein, and a couple of things that your kids might like, are some good, antibiotic free ham, or some of the same type of turkey, or maybe some tuna salad, or salmon salad that you make up."
"Always include some vegetables, where you can, so a lot of kids like baby carrots, chopped celery, chopped broccoli, even grape tomatoes, or sliced cucumbers, and you can pack a little bit of a healthy sort of ranch dressing, or dressing that they like, in the little Tupperware next to them, and then think about adding some sort of nuts, that are crunchy, that they'll like, and perhaps, a piece of fruit."
"This is Rachael Richardson, and this has been how to pack a fresh nutritious lunch for your kids."
You know there are so many people that have gifts out there and I believe astrology is one way of getting into this and understanding it and really really reading up on it.
"I love Linda Goodman, I adore her."
"I'm talking to Bobby and every other word out of my mouth was ""Bobby be careful what you eat, Bobby watch your diet."""
He isn't fat.
"""Just watch your colon Bobby""."
"Well, he and his wife and all the kids left for Germany and I'm sitting here, right over there, one afternoon and the phone rings."
It's Henry Coffin.
"He says ""Micky hi"", its hi southern."
"He said ""Bobby's in trouble""."
"He said ""on the phone with me is Casper Weinberg, Strom Thurman, and William Buckley."
"Bobby's had a colostomy"" and I gave such a scream."
"[He said] ""..and he won't do anything unless you tell""."
"She was the greatest, Sunstars."
"And I said "" Mr. Buckely my mother loves your accent"" and he was telling me about Bobby."
"I said ""put him on a plan immediately and get him out of there, get him to that place in Washington."
"I forgot the name. Walter Reed and put him through the PET machine."" And they said "" are you sure?"" I said ""I am very sure""."
"They put him the plan, they him through it, and he's fine."
"But, that day Lebanon was bombed and all the soldiers that were in that terrible war ended up in Bobby's hospital."
Bobby would have been forgotten.
Of course there's always psychometry.
"If you relax, take a little glass of wine, I mean it, and relax at a party."
"Take someone's ring like I use to do or something and you'd be surprised what you feel. Biggest challenge and most alarming challenge is when I ..I am very friendly with the Coffins and they were in South Carolina, Columbia and they started ETV which is Educational Network and also Ceka and we were very close friends."
Mrs. Coffins' brother was being sent to Germany in the Army to become a Colonial or something.
"She said ""would you mind talking to Bobby?"""
and I said no.
Hi my name is Lauren and I'm here to discuss how to make an afro with straight hair.
For your temporary afro in order to go with an outfit it is easier if your hair is basically short to medium length.
"Back combing is done in a three step process, I am turning this that way so that you may see."
You are going to take your comb and you are going to hold it about mid shaft.
"You are going to go down three times, one, two three, one, two, three, one, two, three."
That way you start to get a little bit more of matted hair which will hold your style up.
Now since we are doing an afro you would want to do a good amount of that hair where so that way it will stand up the way that an afro would.
So you are going to continue teasing those sections kind of matting them so that way you have more of an afro look.
As you see if I am working up the hair shaft how it kind of begins to form more of your afro look.
"Once you curl everything you are going to smooth it a little bit but you don't want to smooth it too much because then you are going to fall, spray it, and then if you need to at any given point you may want to go over and reinforce that bit of a tighter curl."
If you work around with this method throughout your entire head you will get more of what the afro look is.
Again if your hair is longer you are going to want to pin it up in order to make your job a little easier and that is how to get an afro with straight hair.
Once your hair is a little bit longer it makes it a little bit more difficult to get the actual afro style.
"If your hair is longer one thing that you can do in order to help you achieve that style is you can actually take your hair in sections and clip them up in order to shorten the length of your hair so if I bring this up, if I just kind of clip this."
Now what you want to do is an X using two bobby pins in order to clip their hair up.
The X will help secure the hair up there so that way you can get started.
After you have put your hair up or if your hair is shorter you don't need to go through with this step.
You are going to take a small curling iron.
You want a small barrel because afros tend to have a very tight tight curl and you are going to curl very tiny sections at a time all throughout the entire head.
"After you have curled those sections, I have already curled a few here on the top, you are going to use a comb and actually back comb the hair up."
"This exercise is called standing twist, and we're going to use a towel for this exercise."
"And what we're going to do is utilize a bath towel, or a hand towel, so that you can keep your posture nice and upright."
And that is your standing twist.
"So with your feet about hip width apart, soften your knees, extend your arms, and simply twist from your torso."
"Now as you're twisting, think about pulling on the ends of the towel, and that will pull your shoulder blades into place."
And we're really improving the posture all at the same time.
"This is a great exercise for the core, while you're strengthening your upper back muscles."
"So when you breathe, you want to inhale to prepare, exhale as you twist."
"Inhale as you bring the towel back to the front, exhale as you twist."
"And if you really focus on blowing out you'll really get a great abdominal workout, and then you'll begin to really feel it in your upper body at the same time."
"So perform this exercise for about a minute, and then just lower your arms down and rest."
It's important when you pick your board size to choose something that's going to really work for you in your life.
If you have a goal and you want to have a vision board that you're going to carry with you.
That's a good way to do things.
"They're kind of fun, because the mailing envelopes, you can get, they're usually in really varied sizes."
"Sometimes you get big things, sometimes you get little things."
You can always use cardboard if you want to use that.
If you want something square.
You can make a round vision board if you want to cut it.
"Then, I really like bright, bright colors."
You can go and you can get construction paper from someplace.
"You can either, I like folding things in half so I can put things in, but you can buy these at any kind of, you know, supply place or something."
You can have it folded in half and then you're able to use a vision board.
You may want to pick up a little index card.
The most important thing when you're choosing your size is to make sure you know what you want to be able to do.
Do you want it at your desk?
Do you want it at your office?
Do you want to keep it at home by your bedroom?
Depending on the goal that you've chosen and the topic that you're doing.
You may want to have a smaller board if you want something that you're going to see when you're taking a shower.
You may put it in something where it's water proof.
Really kind of think about where do you want this to be in your life and how do you want to keep it with you so that you can make sure that you've got the right size for your vision.
You don't have to make a vision board big in order for it to be effective.
You just have to have it in a place where you're going to be able to see it.
Some things you may want to do small.
One of my favorite things to do is recycle.
"Sometimes, I take envelopes that people have sent me and I use the front part for the vision board because I cover it with a lot of things."
Then thing I love is that you can put stuff inside and hide it.
We'll be talking about that later.
"Hi, my name is Lanie McCormick."
"I'm a fine art photographer in Austin, Texas."
"It keeps the negatives flat, inexpensive and very important."
"In setting up your dry workstation in your darkroom, you want to have a workbench set away from your wet area."
"You are going to house your enlarger here, timer, your safe light and any other printing supplies that you're going to need."
You're also going to house your paper in this area.
"You're definitely going to want one of these, your dry station; it's a perfect tool for context sheets."
They're easy to make.
All you need is a piece of glass or Plexiglass and a piece of foam board.
You use these to make your context sheets.
A lot of people have a fear of falling backwards.
"We're going to show you how to do a roll, that will let you overcome that fear, so if you do fall on the ground, you won't hurt yourself in this manner."
"See, as he rounds out his body, it makes a complete roll, and it doesn't really hurt any of his body parts."
"Jason, I'm going to start the same way with the forward roll, one leg up, only this time obviously, we're going backwards, so whatever leg is up, everything is going to come to that side."
Everything is looking back to that side.
"From here, all he's going to do is put that leg up, and plant it behind him, go ahead."
"He plants whatever foot is up, turn around."
"He kicks it up and he plants it behind him, finishing the roll, again."
"He goes over the same shoulder, around, so whatever leg is up, he's going to go over this shoulder."
"Making a nice tight ball, he's going to go from one shoulder to the other hip, again, good."
"Ok, so the backwards roll is from standing, is if somebody comes to push you, or if they come to grab you, and there's something behind you and you trip and fall, so I'm going to demonstrate pushing on Jason and he's going to take a backwards fall from standing, here, boom."
"I'm Trevor with Monster Pest Control, located in American Fork, UT, today we're talking about how to rid your home of insects, the topic is how to get rid of a beehive."
"Quite often what I do is I go around, inspect the house, find where the hive is, or where the bees or wasps are coming in and out of the house."
"Basically, take some kind of wasp, bee killer and I spray the area and I get all of the area, making sure I don't get stung myself, and stand back far enough that you're safe."
"Once I do that, I let it sit for about ten, fifteen, twenty minutes and then I take my webster, or pole, and I clean off the nest or knock them down."
"You can use almost anything, a stick or a pole, whatever, to knock down the nest."
"If it's really big, you may want to hire a professional."
"Another method to get rid of, or rid your home of bees or wasp, is by taking a mixture of water and soap, usually about fifty fifty, maybe a little bit less of the soap, in some spray container and actually spray the nest and that will also get the wasps or bees to drop down and to die off and then you can clean off the nest."
Acne is a condition cause by the overproduction of sebum oil which lubricates the skin and hair.
I'm Jackie with how to eliminate acne.
"Wet your skin and pour about two tablespoons of baking soda into your palm, add enough water to make a paste, apply the paste to your face in light circular motions for about a minute and rinse well with clean, lukewarm water, pat lightly to dry, and apply a benzoyl peroxide product only to the blemishes, allow that to dry and dab a little of the baking soda paste to the spots, leave it on overnight."
"Remember, to clear acne, wash your face twice a day, use a baking soda paste, and check with your doctor for serious conditions."
I'm Jackie with how to eliminate acne.
"When the skin's pores become clogged with sebum, pimples can form."
"To reduce acne and care for your skin, wash no more than twice a day with warm water and a mild cleanser specially formulated for oily skin or acne."
Try over the counter benzoyl peroxide products if you have pimples.
You can get them at the drug store.
Wash your hands often and try to keep them away from your face.
"For girls, wash your make-up brushes and sponges often."
Talk to your doctor if your acne is serious or you're unable to control it.
"For a natural solution, try baking soda."
"Okay, so now we are going to go ahead and start filling our basket."
"Now, we want it to look full but we don't want it to look cluttered."
"Because, after all, I think, I think it really a basket like this is more of a quantity."
"So it is important that you pick some things, that when, whatever you pick out that you kind of take a couple minutes to find the right spot for them."
You can never have too many headbands.
"So I picked up a couple and I am going to go ahead and just, I think, stick them back here."
And everything doesn't have to be out in the open.
You can make them go digging for stuff.
That is also part of the fun.
You can certainly hide things under the grass.
But I think that this is a nice beginning of a display.
"And again, play around with it however you like."
And now we are going to go and fill it in with a few more little trinkets.
It might take a few minutes.
You may have to play around with it but that?s part of the fun.
"Also, in terms of what you use, what you use in the basket to fill it, a good idea is going down to your local discount store or your Dollar Store and just going through the bins and just finding lots of little trinkets."
There is lots of things.
Lots of options and choices out there that little girls love.
"And also in the children's section, the toy section."
But you don't have to spend a lot of money on expensive toys.
TINA STULL: Hi.
"I'm Tina Stull, and I drive the Top Dragster for Interstate Batteries."
Make sure you have all your safety equipment before you leave the pit and you're on your way.
"During this time, it's the time that you check your tire pressure, you might want to walk up and watch the light a little bit."
"In Super Comp, we have upwards of a hundred plus cars in an event."
"So, usually, unless you got there at the very front of the pack, you're going to be standing around a bit."
"So, you can get a little bit acclimated, see how you're going to be able to turn into that lane."
Some of--all the tracks are different so sometimes you get a straight shot and it's no problem.
Sometimes you have to make turns and just kind of watching the cars ahead of you so you don't end up by having to back up and get embarrassed over that.
"Then, once you see the guys, pretty much watch the people in front of you; when they start suiting up and hopping in their cars, that's probably the time for you to hop in your car."
In this series we are going to be working the abdominals with the challenge of using a theraband to go along with it.
When you are using a theraband make sure that you get a number of different weights.
"So they come in heavy, medium, and light and everything in between."
Also make sure that they are about six feet long.
This happens to be five so it is a little bit short particularly if you have long arms or a long torso.
"When we do abdominal work in Pilates we want to make sure we are engaging the right muscles so go ahead and put your hands around the ribcage, expand the ribcage against your fingers and then exhale, close that ribcage down lacing your fingers together as if it were being corseted."
When you do this posterior lateral breathing you engage not only the muscles around the ribcage but all the way in the back with the muscles along the spine the erector spinae as well as internal and external obliques.
In abdominal work you also want to pull up on the pelvic floor.
So I've got the lid piece.
"Now that it's set up a little bit, set on the wheel again."
"So if it feels like it's off center, just turn your bat a hundred and eighty degrees."
And I'm going to do the same thing here.
I'm going to cut a little piece off to make the top nice and flat.
And I'm going to wet this and score it up.
And now I'm ready to connect these two pieces together.
And it is rather hard.
"And the first thing I'm going to do is just take my needle tool and make this top rim a little flat, so that it'll connect really easily to the other piece."
"And then I'm going to take my scoring tool, get the rim wet."
"And I've got my needle tool here, so you can see you don't have to have a scoring tool."
Just go back and forth and get that nice and scratched up.
"Set this aside, get the base and put it on the wheel head."
And I need to turn this one eighty.
The bat pins are not always drilled perfectly on center.
It's important when adopting a pet to consider your children.
"Hi, I'm Nancy with the Utopia Animal Rescue Ranch."
"Children need to, should, children should go along for the adoption so that they know the animal as well as you do."
And the animal feels comfortable around them and the children feel comfortable around them.
They also need to be old enough to know the rules about owning a pet.
"About no biting, or kicking or pulling tails and things like that. It's very important. When adopting a dog, it's very important for the parents to play close attention to the children and the dog, to see how they're interacting.I'm Nancy with the Utopia Animal Rescue Ranch."
"Alright, now we're going to be doing the Rim click on four alone."
So this is the last Rim click.
"One, two, three, four."
"One, two, three, four."
"One, two, three, four."
"One and three, four."
"And one, two and three, four."
"And one, two and three, four."
"And one, two and three, four."
"And one, two and three, four."
"And one, two and three, four."
"And one, two and three, four."
"So we have the two, the end of three."
"And one, two and three, four."
"And one, two and three, four."
"And one, two and three, four."
"So, now with that's the last stage in the Bossa nova."
"So, like I said, you got the two, you got the end of three."
"The one, the end of two and the four."
Those are all the rim clicks.
"The one, the end of two and the four."
"So, this is the end of the second measure."
The four of the end of the second measure.
"So, it's going to be like this."
So just keeping in your head two and four.
"One, two, three, four."
"One, two, three, four."
Today we are making a backpack that would be appropriate for a child or a adult.
"Matching thread, a tape measure, and any other trim or applicate items that you may want to put on for decoration on your backpack."
Those are the main things that you would need for your backpack before you get started.
You may want to be sure that you have them assemble so you don't have to take a break and stop and run to the store in the middle of your project.
Probably most of the things that is needed has been mentioned here and that should take care of it for our project that we are doing today.
But you may want to consider exactly who this project would be made for before you go buy your supplies.
Some of the supplies that you may want to think about when you are looking for your fabric would be trim if it is going to be for a child.
You may want to think about something like ricrac.
"For an adult, you may want to think about using a contrasting fabric."
But a different color fabric for the front and for the back that would give a little bit of contrast if it was for someone beside a child or even for a child.
"The other things that we want to make sure that you have would be scissors, pins especially when you are cutting out your fabric cord cause if we make it in the same style of this bag that I was using for a guide cord is what is used to cinch the back up at the top."
"Instead of grommets at the bottom, we would be using these D rings and we would make a loop at the bottom to loop the chord through."
You would also need your sewing machine of course.
"When in doubt, don't."
"That's the best advice I can give to you when you're asking yourself, ""how do I decide on whether or not to go on a third date with this person""."
"By the way, you know, having people like you is being popular."
"You, liking yourself is being happy."
This is Dr. Paul.
"May your fantasies of the day, be your realities of tomorrow."
"This is Dr. Paul, author of Boomer Girls, a boomer women's guide to men and dating."
Let me let you know this.
"If you have to ask yourself a question, the answer is probably no, so don't go there."
"There has to be a reason for you to sit back, if it happens to be, that gut feeling, you have that sixth sense, listen to it."
"Don't say it's okay, I don't have anything better to do because you're only going to go from bad to worse and the key to that is you."
"You have to be happy with you. Yourself image has to be such that you respect you and you look at yourself in the morning and you see yourself in that mirror and you say, ""did I do the right thing?""."
The answer better be yes because you love yourself a lot more.
"Yes, ok, thank you very much, but right now, I've got to dial China."
"All right, so long."
"Let's say for instance, you're dialing Bejing."
"That would be 10, then the number."
"Pretty intricate amount of numbers that you need to know, and keep in mind, so dialing China, 011 gets you out of the country."
86 gets you into China.
"Then, let's say you're dialing Bejing."
"That would be 10 for the city code, then the number."
Let's say it's 5556321.
That's simple.
That's how you dial China.
"Now, keep in mind if you saw the Olympics recently, they are the technological masters of the world."
Hi everyone.
Their infrastructure is 100 percent fiber optic.
"They've got submarine cabling, and lots and lots and lots of satellite links as well, so you should have a great, clear call to China."
I'm Russ Handler.
Have a great day.
"If you don't mind, I'm going to call Bejing."
"My name is Russ Handler, and did you ever know that when you call an international number out of the United States, there's actually four separate numbers that you have to dial?"
"Pretty interesting, and a lot of numbers to keep straight."
Let's say you want to dial China.
Here's how you do it.
"First of all, you'll dial 011, then that will get you out of the country."
"Then of course, the next number, is going to be a country code, in this case for China, 86."
"Then, you have a city code."
"In this segment of how to cure your slice, this is an image that works for a lot of people."
"When you slice the ball, this is called the heel of the club and the toe of the club."
"So when you're looking at your club at address, you're looking at that club head, no matter what you do, get that toe of the club to get to the ball before the heel."
"And if you do that, you are going to put hook spin on the ball and you're not going to slice anymore."
The inside and the outside.
"And if you put slice spin on the ball, the inside or heel of the club is actually getting to the ball before, it's out-racing the toe of the club, like this."
The heel is out-racing the toe.
The club face opens up and that's what puts slice spin on the ball.
"But, if you could use the thought, during your swing, of getting the toe of the club or the outside of the club, before the inside or heel of the club, that is going to put, as you can see, hook spin on the ball."
It could be as simple as that.
You're only one swing thought away from hooking the ball and losing your slice and this could be it.
Get the toe of the club to get to the ball before the heel.
"I am going to now show you about the stroller and some key components to it so that if you were to buy one, you would get the most for your money and for your intentions."
"This is a jogging stroller because it's has three wheels and the wheels are large and for altering activities such as the sand, dirt paths but also the cement."
"If something too high, it going to put pressure on your shoulders and it's going to make you really tight."
"If it's something to low, you're going to have lower back pain and if you're planning to use this a few times a week for one to three miles, so you would want it to fit your body."
They have newer ones that have a swivel front wheel which is nice when you are taking the stroller maybe to the mall or shopping or to the grocery store but most of them the wheel is straight and you will want to have it be locked in if you were running with the stroller.
"This stroller is great for the beach because the wheels are plastic instead of metal spoke and so you don't have to worry about them getting rested because if you are spending money on a stroller, you want it to last not just for one kid but probably at least two kids."
"This specific stroller runs about two hundred and fifty to three hundred dollars and if you want to buy a jogging stroller, I would plan to spend at least a hundred and fifty."
Two other components that are important on the jogging stroller is the sun shade so that your little one is covered from the elements.
Some of these have very small sun shades and in that case you end up clipping a blanket to the top of it which is difficult because sometimes that falls off and then if you cover it completely with the blanket then the baby can't see all the wonderful places you're taking them.
The sun shade is great.
"Also, for when it is the sun is not in their face it can fold up all the way."
"Lastly, base on your height and your spouse's height, you want to make sure you buy a stroller that fits your body and so you want to have the handle that hits around bright your waist."
"Now, there is another way of doing that."
This is a way of checking the way too if you want to see if it's even.
You can also cut the long layers like this and then go straight across and cut it.
"Then we also continue to follow that guide and take the next piece over a little bit and into that way, and then see, but it's even."
That's another way of going ahead and cutting and knowing if you're even or not.
The way to check the hair.
"After you cut it straight across, you go in another direction, and that's the way to check it actually."
You're going to go ahead and do the same thing here.
It will continue to be long.
See that?
I dropped that layer.
Notice the layers in the back like I did it.
The layer will drop down and the length will still stay long and she will still have layered hair.
I like to do it like that.
It's a nice way of cutting this layered hair.
"If you'd like, also, I have a process that you can do."
A layering that you can actually take the hair in an angle.
"This is a, we're taught also when we cut hair."
We cut it like this.
Notice it's straight across.
"Hi, I'm the Star Goddess and here's how to figure out what your Moon sign is."
The Moon in astrology rules your emotions and feelings.
"So we look down and we see that his sun is in Aquarius and his moon sign is Gemini which makes him mutable, sparkling, witty and bright."
The critical thing about finding a moon sign is remembering that sometimes the moon changes signs during the day because it moves so quickly.
"If you need to figure out what that is, you come down to the bottom of the Ephemeris on the second part of the page and you'll see that it gives the exact moment in time the moon changes from one sign of the Zodiac to the other."
So now you know what your moon sign is.
You can get a better understanding of what your wants and needs are and what you need to do to get those needs met.
So that's better living through Astrology.
I'm Janet Sciales the Star Goddess.
It's a very important planet and because it moves one degree every two hours it changes signs every two and a half days.
"The only way to calculate your moon sign is with an Ephemeris, the table of planetary motion."
"It is done by the Jet Propulsion Lab and it chronicles the minute movements of each one of the twelve planets, each one of the ten planets and through each one of the twelve signs."
"The way you figure it out, is you pick a date."
"Mat our producer is born on February first, nineteen eighty five."
"So we turn to nineteen eighty five, we look at the month of February."
"The left hand side are the days of the week, across the top are the ten different planets."
"The first one is the sun, the second two are the moon."
"Hi, I'm Tim Gipson."
I'm going to talk to you about how to tune up a bandsaw.
"So, in this case we can see we've got the proper amount of tension."
Okay.
Next thing we want to do is we want to make sure that the blade is running on the rollers correctly.
"So, if we open this door then we have the rollers right here."
And what you want to make sure is you want to make sure the blade is running right on the inside.
"Now, if it's not then we can make the adjustment and that would be back here."
"In tuning up, keeping our bandsaw working good is to check our base and to make sure that it is perpendicular to the blade."
And in that case we can use a right angle such as this to come in and to check the blade against that.
And then we have adjustments on our table.
"Then, finally, and it's very important to make sure that the blade stays the right orientation is that we have our blocks that are in here."
"Now, the most important thing with a bandsaw is definitely we want to make sure that we've got the right tension on the blade so that it keeps it at the appropriate angle to the table that we're trying achieve."
And these are either phenolic blocks or hardwood blocks that are to each side of the blade.
And that keeps that blade from moving back and forth as you're cutting.
And so as those wear down over time you'll want to make sure that you cut new blocks to keep that in there.
"So, I'm Tim Gipson and that's how to tune up a bandsaw."
"Now, to keep the right tension on, most of your bandsaws will come with a device such as this."
Now you have various widths of band that you can put on of your blades.
In this particular case we've got a quarter inch blade.
"So, you have a tension device back here which has a spring with a red mark on it."
"So, in this case we want to make sure that this tension is set so that that red mark on that spring is right at the marking on here."
"Now, another way we can check that is when we move our foot out of the way here, we could also press and check the deflection."
And we want to have less than a quarter of an inch of deflection.
"KIRK VICKERS: The next exercise, the next core exercise that we're going to do is called the single-leg butterfly."
We're going to go back into our 90-90 position.
"Come back, watch."
"I feel my back arching; I force it back down, come back up."
"You'll notice that we do a lot of movement out of this 90-90 position, a very important position to develop and bring in those small deep muscles within the body."
"What we're going to do now, keep the low back flat and we're going to go into a butterfly position."
"Letting that leg open up, we're going to call in some of the deep inner thigh muscles as well as trying to keep that low back flat."
The key here is don't make the movement easy.
Try to keep that low back flat.
"That's going to put you into a lot more tension and a lot more stress through the area that we're trying to work but that's what we're trying to develop, even if you only do a few."
"We'll go one leg and then the other leg; each time, forcing our low back down, belly button to spine, low back flat."
"Toes are up, take it as wide we can, get some stretch through the inner thigh so we're working several things with one movement and one exercise."
Hi!
My name is Monique Richards.
I am an instructor at School House Yoga.
"Often times, I have people coming up to meoh, Im too fat to do yoga, I cant do yoga because Im too heavy."
"Well, I want to share with you that yoga can be done with any size body."
So thise little practice is for people who are heavier who dont feel they can come into a class and feel comfortable.
"This way, you can enjoy this little session; you can learn to love yourself again, to feel your body, and hopefully that will give you the courage you need to walk into a class and be present and fully enjoy the benefits of yoga."
"Hi, I am Emily Larew."
We are now going to combine your six step going to all four corners with a freeze.
"Now I am going to face the back, five, six."
And that is how I turn.
Again.
"One, two, three, four, what are we going to do?"
Change on five.
"Five, six."
"And again; one, two, three, four, turn, five, six."
"From here, is where we are going to break it down and on the fourth step get into our freeze."
"So, we are back to the front."
We just did the four corners.
"So, we have already learned our basic six step in the previous segment."
"You go; one, two, three, four."
"From here, put your hand down."
You are going to tip over and back up into your freeze.
"Seven, eight."
"And then, back down."
"And, you can start the whole thing again, which we are going to do right now."
Ready?
Here we go.
"So, we have got; one, two, three, four, five six."
"One, two, three, four, five, six."
"So, we are down."
"One, two, three, four, five, six."
"Back to the front, three, four, five, six."
"One more, three, four, up, hold."
There you go.
"And that is your six step, all four corners with a freeze."
"What is going to happen is, is how you turn this, is you are going to turn on your fourth step."
"So, this is one, two, three, four."
"Now, what we are going to do is on five, six turn and face the first corner."
"Five, six."
Repeat it to this side.
"One, two, three, four."
Well if a person has type one Diabetes then the main focus is for them to eat enough calories and carbohydrates to maintain their weight.
"And so we teach people with type on Diabetes to count their carbohydrates, but not necessarily to restrict carbohydrates."
"And then a fourth of their plate with the foods that are high in carbohydrates like potatoes, rice, corn, dry beans, peas and noodles and then a fourth of the plate with their meat."
And when they eat that way they naturally reduce calories often without even having to measure their portions out.
"So that's kind of the first step is to really get people to consume a lot more of those vegetables that are high fiber, high water content and very low on carbohydrates."
And sometimes people with type one get confused because they see a lot of messages in the media about cutting carbohydrates and actually that would cause them to lose too much weight.
"On the other hand, someone with type two Diabetes generally is overweight and so they need to cut carbohydrates as well as the calories in their diets."
So generally when someone has type two Diabetes we try to help them reduce the total calorie intake.
And that includes calories from all foods and so portions are going to be smaller particularly are foods that are high in fat and carbohydrate.
In general we try to encourage people with type two Diabetes to increase their intake of vegetables that are low in sugar and fat.
"And those are your broccoli, green beans, cauliflower, onions, lettuce, salad type greens, all of those vegetables that have a lot of fiber in them fill you up without giving you too much energy."
And so the big focus for somebody who has type two Diabetes is to fill half of their plate at dinner time with those that we call free foods.
They don't even have to portion them out.
"Welcome to my studio today, my name is Lars Erik Robinson."
My name is Lars Arts All Around Art-tainment.
Try to leave the tops of the white... and then we'll take a dark green.
"So, an overcap of how you can do mountains."
"Always try to think about where the sun's hitting it, and create the other side of it."
"Maybe like a blueish green on that side, take your brush again, go down with streaks, like that, it will create the crevices in the mountain."
"Clouds up there... if you want to create atmosphere in the sky, take your blue and clouds again... all right."
I hope that gives you all an idea of how to do mountains.
Keep on painting.
Go out there and make those landscapes and do those mountains.
Thank you so much.
Bye now.
I'm a freelance illustrator.
Today we're going to talk about how to draw mountains.
I pre-sketched one here with little ink lines here how to show how to do it with watercolor.
I'm going to go ahead and get the gray blue onto my brush.
"By doing that you take a little blue, maybe take a little part green, and never try to use black because when you use black it really tends to muddy it, so try to mix it in with some colors."
"We'll take the side of our brush here and try to get that - if the sun's coming from this way, we'll get the shadow part of the mountain."
"So it's kind of like a greenish blue color that you want to create, 'cause it creates that stone."
"From the other end it could be more - you can try to get the yellow part of it, of the sun hitting it on that side."
These are my kilns.
This kiln is a really huge one and because my work is so little I don't fire it.
And I turn it up to medium and fire it for another hour.
All this time this lid is shut down.
And then I turn it on high for an hour.
And after an hour I plug up the peep hole and it will just go for anywhere from three to six hours longer depending on how much green ware is in your kiln.
Or how old your elements are.
"Because as the elements get older, it takes longer to fire."
I have a head that I fired inside the kiln.
It?s sitting on a bed of what's called prop pet.
This is kind of like asbestos like material.
The shoulder plate I have the prop pet stuffed inside because if I just had it in the kiln like this when it gets hot it would tend to want to close down and break at the shoulders.
This one fires on two twenty but this is a small electric kiln that actually fires on household current.
So I put this cottony prop pet stuff inside to support it during the firing.
When it goes in its white in color and very chalky and very fragile.
And then this it comes out of the kiln with this color.
"As I mentioned earlier, the porcelain slip has the color in it."
The way that a kiln works is that it pours and fires to a temperature of o cone six which is around twenty six hundred degrees.
So I use one of these little bars which are called a cone and when it gets to the proper temperature this little bar inside will melt.
"I put it in, I put the cone in like this into the cone, cone holder and this little switch goes back and forth."
"And when this melts it'll then trigger this latch to go, to go down and turn the kiln off automatically."
"I put my porcelain in and I turn it on low for about an hour with, this is called a peep hole."
And the peep hole needs to be unplugged when you first start up on your kiln.
And I fire it for about an hour on low.
We learned in our class something called well we call it the pat maneuver a LAPD officer Pat Bailey one our mentors thought us how to do this and we share this with parents because we found this the easiest way to install the seat.
You can also notice because there is leather in this vehicle that we use a piece of non sticky material to help keep it from sliding around.
We have also because of the seat lopes in the vehicle using a pool noodle to adjust for angle.
The most important part is in installing a infant or parenting me a convertible seat is to make sure you have a 45 degree angle for a infant that does not have full head control or neck control.
If it is a child that has head control the angle does not need to be quiet 45 in could be a little more steep.
But you never ever would want it in a 90 like this.
So what Andrea and Pat though us to do would be to use your body to weight the sit I can reach down here and pull through this way like this and then I can rock the sit like this when I'm pulling in order to get it tight.
I have also Dan have switched the belt we need a locking magnetism and Dan is pulling the belt and we are rocking the sit side to side.
Then it feeds up in the magnetism the belt is locked and when you try to move the sit you always check your sit for installation at the belt path and when you try to move it side to side it is not moving and that is the proper way to install.
So the easies way to do this is with our pat maneuver by climbing up in the sit and rocking it and getting it nice and tight.
So the first thing Pat thought use was to move th front seat all the way forward and get it out of the way.
And doing this could be a little harder in smaller vehicle but it still could be done.
The second thing we want to do is to make sure that there is nothing on the floor so when we get in here cause we are going to have to stand here so you want to have the floors empty.
Okay third thing is now you are going to climb in to the seat.
Get in.
Okay we have already run this through the belt path convertibles has two belt paths on of them is a rear facing belt path right here when it is in this position.
The forward facing belt path is right here so if the seat was turned around facing this way you would then use this belt path.
But since we are facing when you run the lap shoulder belt through here and the seat still moves around and it is still loose.
In this segment I'm going to talk about Single Whip.
"This is the signature movement of Tai Chi, and according to some of my teachers, the most important movement of Tai Chi."
"So stand a little bit to the left, pushing with the back leg, when you get beyond halfway, you turn the hips and open the arms outward."
The left hand ends up facing 45 degrees forward.
"So not all the way here, not here, 45 degrees forward."
This being your striking surface.
"The right hand, the wrist is pushing up and out, the shoulder is open, being vertical."
"So we're going out in this direction, going out in this direction, going out in this direction."
So it's a very extended movement.
Being mindful not to tighten the back shoulder.
Just go outward with every single limb.
"So beginning from push we're going to, in the yang style, turn around 180 degrees."
"So we turn on the heel, let the arms follow, there are variations to this."
"Shift back, turn on the toe, lifting the heel."
"We draw the foot back, drawing the hands back across the body forming a Crane's beak of hook with our right hand."
"The most common error I see here, is that people draw the hands into the body, crushing the egg inside of their armpit."
So we bring the hands across the body.
"If you need to, turn the hip a little bit, because what we need to do here is to step to the left a little bit."
If you do not step to the left you'll be standing on a narrow board.
"In this clip, we're going to do our center elbow drill as a warm up for Israeli martial arts."
"So, here we're in our guarding stance, again our left foot is forward if we're right-handed."
"So what's going to happen is that fist is either going to hit my elbow and do damage to the fist, or it's going to slide off in one direction or the other."
My hands are up.
"A punch is coming in, I don't have time to block or react."
My only quick reaction is here.
Okay?
We call it a center elbow.
What we do is we come straight up.
I put my bicep into my left eye.
"Cover up, grabbing the top of my head, leaving my elbow out."
Hi.
I'm Michael Burton and we're talking about choosing a wedding videographer for your wedding day.
"But that's a good sign that we're, you know, that we're keeping busy and that we do good work."
Other things to keep in mind in your contract are to make sure they put in there how many DVDs you're going to get or if you can buy raw footage.
"That's an important thing to discuss with your videographer before hand and make sure you put that in the contract, if you can buy raw footage at end."
How much he's going to charge you and also how many DVDs you're going to get and if you're allowed to make copies of that.
"That should all be included in the contract so that you're not coming back later after your wedding day saying hey I need this, this and this and he's saying no you can't do that or no I won't do that."
One important thing that you should do with your wedding videographer when you're booking your wedding is to make sure that you guys sign a contract together.
That's important for both sides because you need to know exactly what is expected of each other.
The videographer needs to know that you're not going to back out and that you're not going to change your wedding day.
"And you need to know that your videographer is going to be there or your wedding day, especially if you don't talk to him for another month or two or a few weeks depending on how early you book."
So that you make sure that they've got to be there.
They have got a legally binding contract that says they've got to be there.
Another important thing to have put into your contract with your videographer is an estimated completion date of when your video is going to be finished.
"I know with our company, we put around six months as a completion date because we're so busy that a lot of times when we're out shooting and we don't have a lot of time to get the editing done."
"Hi, this is Jorge Benllach, I'm a sculptor, and I'm here today because I'm going to try to show you how to do, like, a boat, with some kind of fishermans on, and a big fish."
"It's like a caricature of this, you know, the poor fisherman that tried to make the big one...to catch the big one."
"Later I will tell you that this cannot be there, when it dry off."
We have to take it off.
That's why I'm going to wrap with paper.
"And, you will see."
"It's like me, I'm...I'm a....I'm a fisherman, that's why I know."
"And ah...you know, I'm a boat owner, too."
I know what I'm talking about.
"Anyway, it's going to be a very interesting and fun figurine, that you can make it for some kind of...for your parents, for some friends, and you can personalize also, putting some kind of objects, or making like a caricature of a look-alike of the two characters that I am going to put in there."
"This is going to be like a basic exaggerated and caricature boat, with a...with two fishermans on it and one big fish."
"The materials that we are going to use, they are water-based clay, and I'm going to use the gray one."
"And not many tools, one base, one string to cut the clay, these two pieces of wood in order to make the slabs even, a roller pin, and maybe this pick in order to make some cuttings."
"And probably this piece of policspan, in order to make like a support of the base, in order to avoid the boat collapse."
"In this clip, we're going to talk about the proper way to remove and replace worn front brake hoses on a nineteen ninety-one Ford Explorer."
"In this step, we're going to talk about types of brake fluid and the proper way to fill your vehicles master cylinder."
"If you're done bleeding the brakes, the fluid level in a master cylinder is going to be relatively depleted."
"Which, will sink the sensor and turn on your red brake light."
You want to make sure to top off your master cylinder after you bleed your brakes.
Go ahead and take and fill it up.
It is possible for these floats to get stuck.
"So, you're going to want to keep an eye on it and make sure that it comes up to the appropriate level."
"If it's not moving, tap the side of it and your float will come up for you."
"As you can see, the float came up right there."
That is the level sensor.
Can you see that?
"What you're looking at here, this is DOT-3."
See how it comes up?
"That triggers the system, it will turn the red brake light on if your fluid level is low."
"Right there, is plenty of fluid."
Let me go ahead and take and put my master cylinder cap back on.
That is the different types of brake fluid and the proper way to fill your master cylinder.
That's Department of Transportation spec level 3.
"They also have four and five, you're going to want to refer to your vehicles owner's manual for the particular fluid recommended by the manufacturer."
DOT-3 is the most common and it is recommended by Ford for the ninety-one Explorer.
This is your vehicles master cylinder.
It will have a level on it for minimum and maximum fills.
"You can see this line right here, it says max."
That's as full as they want it.
"Next part of our seated asanas, or postures, is navasana, or a boat pose."
"And you may have seen this in other exercise programs, Pilates and things like that."
"So find the fullest expression for you, and go only to that point and then that will go into engaging the core rather than pulling into your back or any other part of your body."
And that is navasana or boat pose.
So what you'll do is come to a seated position and then you'll slightly rock back on to your sacrum.
"As you come back on to your sacrum, you can use your hands at first, if you want if you're just starting out, or use your hands behind your legs."
So what you'll do is you'll bring your legs up.
"For beginners, you want to go to about a ninety degree angle and let your arms reach out towards the wall in front of you."
"For a more advanced student, you can slowly straighten one leg and then the other."
"So you bring yourself out, engage the core and reach energy out from your fingers, and if you're shaking like I just was then you want to come to a more bent position."
"And then you can try again, challenge yourself."
"If you have tight hip flexors, tight hamstrings, or any tightness in your lower back, it will be hard to straighten your legs."
"To start with, you have to determine who's going to serve first."
"You can say to the opponent ""M or W?"""
The reason for that is one side is usually much sunnier than the other side.
"and just spin that racket. It's W. So whomever chose W will serve first. Scoring is very important. Zero means the same as love, so you can start with saying ""Zero, zero."""
"or ""Love, love""."
"The first point is fifteen, the second point is thirty, the third point is forty, and then to win the game you have to win another point."
"If the ball touches just even a little bit of the line and it touches a little bit of the outside of the line, it's in."
On every odd game you switch sides.
The next game we're going to talk about is called lazy pineapple.
Lazy pineapple is one of three variations of the game pineapple.
The betting round starts again with the player to the left of the dealer.
"Once that betting round is over, the dealer will burn a card and turn the fourth card to the community, called the flop."
"I'm sorry, that's called the turn."
"The betting round will start with the player to the left of the dealer, and once that betting round is over, the dealer will burn a card and turn the last card to the community, called the river."
"In lazy pineapple, the best five-card hand wins."
"So, the players will turn their cards over using their best five cards from their two hole cards and the five community cards to make their best five-card hand."
And that's how lazy pineapple is played.
"Lazy pineapple is dealt out just like pineapple, with each player receiving three down cards."
"However, in lazy pineapple the players will discard their card after the flop."
Let's see how lazy pineapple is dealt out.
Each player receives three down cards from the dealer.
"Once these three cards are dealt out to each player, a betting round will start with the player to the left of the dealer."
"Once that betting round is over, the dealer will burn a card and turn the first three cards to the community, called the flop."
"Since this is lazy pineapple, this is where each player will look at their hand and make a decision to fold a card."
"Once each player has folded a card from their hand, this leaves him with two hole cards and a betting round starts."
Remember in using a backhoe sometimes jobs may be from place to place.
So you might have a need to drive a backhoe from one job to another.
So when you mash your foot both brakes will apply.
If you make the mistake and mash one brake on the highway it may cause you to drift over into other lanes or toward the ditch.
So make sure both brakes are locked so you'll have equal braking on both sides.
Including on the state highway.
Okay remember before you drive a backhoe on the public highway make sure all your safety items are in tact.
"Including lights, flashers, make sure all your safety pins like boon lock, the rear swing lock, make sure all those items are in tact."
Make sure your bucket is down low where you have good visibility.
Four wheel drive is disengaged.
You do not need four wheel drive on a highway.
So when you're traveling down a highway make sure all the safety factors you can think of is in place.
Remember in highway travel always make sure your brake lock is in place.
We are going to continue with the diagonal game from the forehand side.
I am going to restart the drill and then Gary and I of course will be taking turns in the backcourt.
"So when you are in the backcourt you have the option of hitting a straight drive or of hitting a boast so the purpose of hitting this drill is when the player in the backcourt has the option of hitting the boast it forces the other player to defend the tee because if they are too far back when you throw a boast at them that could become a winner if they are too far back so watch what the backcourt player does and how they prepare, how they get the racquet ready, how they turn, how they hit the ball against the side wall."
"So notice that I hit a good boast, I'm able to hit the ball down the wall now and Gary counters with a good boast and now he works me into the back corner and now I get my chance to attack."
"He is working me in the front and now I get a chance for a length, another length."
So that is the diagonal game and you can see it is very vigorous and it really trains you to hit all the shots you need to hit.
"Again, what I'm attempting to do here is get the heart rate up and it's working, or I can just take it lift from side to side."
"So, that is my move called Over the Top, and again it's used for cardiovascular endurance exercise."
"So I'm going to start on the side, step to the center of the BOSU, and step down to the other side."
"And I can elevate in the center or move it faster, a little syncopation."
The next combination we're going to work on our introductory boxing lesson - I teach all the new students a left-right-left.
"We call it a ""1-2-3""."
Okay.
"That's pretty easy to do because basically that's just a small target, and the coat hanger is flushed up against the bag."
"But what I want to do now is, is as I move the coat hanger out to about halfway, what I want to make sure is that they're also not hitting the outside of this coat hanger, like Nick was showing."
"If you're too looping, you're going to hit the outside of the coat hanger, and that's what we don't want."
Now he's going to do it in slow-motion.
He's going to hit all three punches.
Halfway to the target he's going to still be on target by hitting halfway through this coat hanger.
"Okay, Nick?"
1-2-3.
See now we've got all three punches going through the coat hanger right to the target.
"What I try to instill upon them is that as you step in and throw your first punch, okay, you're throwing your second punch you're turning your body, the right hand doesn't have to be 100% of your power."
"Try it again, Nick."
Slow motion.
"And that's what we want is nice, straight punches."
"So Nick, go ahead and try that on the heavy bag."
That's great.
"There we have the 1-2-3, left-right-left."
All nice and tight.
All nice and long punches.
We'll look at hooks later on.
Thank you.
"You're merely turning your body so that you can get the second left jab turned with your body, and then you can deliver a much more powerful left jab."
"But what I also want is rather than big, open wide, looping punches, we want to try to keep everything nice and tight, so that you're firing from the center of your shoulders, you're firing from the center of your body."
That way your punches are nice and tight.
"You're firing from your cheek, you're firing from you chin."
Everything is nice and tight.
"So what I like to do is, I have a coat hanger."
"What I tell the individuals, Nick if you could step over...what I try to say is, ""Okay new student, go ahead and slowly hit the dead center of that coat hanger on that target three times with a left-right-left."""
Continuing on evening bags the next item I'm going to show you I also picked up at a flea market.
This is pretty much a knock off of a Chanel bag this quilted leather right here is clearly Chanel it is there trademark for I can not even tell you for how long.
The good thing about this evening bag is that it has a long strap on it so you are not stuck holding it in your arm.
You can wear it while you are dancing no matter where you are.
"You can wear it in the front, your can swing it around the back, you can wear it criss cross like this, you can wear it around your shoulder like that and you can even if you really want to get creative you can just tie up like this and hold it like this if your prefer."
Do what is comfortable for you again this is a versatile type of evening bag. If you open it again there is a couple of compartments that you have inside.
"Just big enough say for your makeup, lipstick, your powder, your wallet, your license and of course your cell phone."
The next pose in our upper body strengthening and toning asana sequence is side plank.
Pretty self explanatory from the name.
"Shifting to the other side, right hand down, left hand up."
See if you can come through each side a couple of times.
"Remember when you're here to not let your hips break, stay solid through your core and let your breath flow."
Breath's key in this pose.
"Inhaling and exhaling, keep those breaths long and strong, coming in and out through the nose, filling all the way down to the bottom of the belly, pushing all the air out on every exhale."
Breathe and flow.
"If you know what plank pose is, it's your basic push up position."
You've got your wrist right under your shoulders and your body's in a straight line from your heels to the crown of your head.
"So to come into side plank what you're going to do is say if I'm going to come into my...I'm going to bring my right side up and my left side down, right?"
So I'm going to bring that left hand a little bit over to kind of the middle.
I'm going to start to shift my hips and let them open across the front.
I'm going to let this arm rise.
My feet are stacked.
"I'm not like this, and I'm not like this, I'm still in that straight line -crown of my head all the way down through my heels."
"Okay as you can see the garlic is starting to brown, I like to swirl it around a little bit it evenly distributes the heat in the pan so everything browns altogether and you get more consistency in our flavors and how they develop with the other ingredients."
Now as pay very particular attention to the garlic I don't want it to brown because it does create a more bitter flavor to you ingredients you really want to avoid that.
Now my next step when I add the cherry to it which is the cream cherry it is actually going to stop the cooking process so I can wait until the garlic is fairly brown.
I like to do things by eye because I have done this receipt so much that I know that.
I don't like to make this to brown because it is going to add a brown color to my sauce so I see right here that it is perfect where I want it.
"I'm going to add my cream cherry, we are going to cook that off."
I'm going to show you some cheer leading squad cheers today.
You don't want them directly next to you.
We definitely don't want to see them behind you because that doesn't look as anesthetically pleasing to the eye.
"So now that we've learned our ""V""'s, we can do a few variations on them."
"We can do either a right ""V""."
"You can do a left ""V""."
So you can definitely use those a lot in your cheers.
"The second motion to master is a ""T""."
"A ""T"" is going to be similar to your ""V"" however your arms are going to be straight out."
"Again, we want to make sure they are right out of our peripheral vision."
We don't want them to the back or to the side.
"We're going to talk about chants, and I'm going to demonstrate some that you can take to your squad."
"Now that we've learned a ""T"", another basic movement is the ""goal post""."
"With the ""goal post"", it's very really important to remember not to keep your shoulders up, shrugged next to your head, but to keep them down and relaxed."
And we want to make sure that our arms are as close to touching our ears as possible.
"So we want to keep our ""goal post"" nice and tight."
"After the ""goal post"", we also have our ""crosses"", which we are going to jet out straight in front of us."
You can do a right one or a left one.
We want to cross it right in front of our body comfortably.
"Next we have ""K""'s."
"Now with ""K""'s, you can either do a right or left."
We're basically going to keep our torso forward.
Now we're going to learn the most basic motions that you're going to need to be the basis of every cheer.
"We want to do a ""K"" motion."
You want to keep both of your arms in your peripheral vision.
"You can do either a left ""K"" or a right ""K""."
Those are going to be some of the basic movements.
"Last, but not least, this is a great one to get the crowd going."
"We're going to learn a ""punch""."
"It's really similar to the ""goal post"" that we talked about earlier."
"You're going to want to keep this arm nice and flat, as close to your ear as possible."
"You can go straight into your punch or you can add a little ""oomph"" to it at the very end."
We can do those again with our right hand or our left hand.
"First, and foremost, we want to start out with our high ""V""."
"So now that you've learned your basic motions, we can go ahead and put them in to combinations which will then become your movements for a cheer."
We want to keep our hands in the fist.
We also want to make sure that our big dough nut holes are facing out.
"So the most basic movement is going to be your high ""V""."
"After we've learned the high ""V"", we can move down to a low ""V"", which is going to be the same thing."
"One thing that is important when we're learning our ""V""'s is to always make sure to keep your arms slightly in front of you to where you can see them out of the corner of your eyes."
"Hi, I'm Jeremy Blackwell, I'm here today to help you get started on your basement remodel project."
"One thing to remember when plumbing your basement, is that the location of the toilet is not as important as it first may seem."
A lot of people when they're finishing their basement are concerned with the resale value of their home.
"And if this is a concern for you, you want to make sure and have a shower and a bathtub in your basement bathroom."
The only problem is that you will not be able to fit a one piece tub and shower in some basements because of the way they've been built with the stairwell and you certainly can't fit it through a window.
"So what we do in that case, is set a cast iron tub, or a material like cast iron and then just do a cultured marble or tile surround around the bathtub."
Where that pipe is sticking out of the concrete is not where it has to be.
"It is possible to move that that plumbing to, to make a better space for your toilet."
"There are certain restrictions though on where to set the toilet, so you want to make sure and take that into account when you're framing."
You've got to have your toilet fifteen and a half to sixteen inches at least from any finished surface so that there's room to get in and out of this confined space.
"The the toilet flange itself must be off of the wall about twelve inches or so too, to, to have the toilet fit into the correct place."
Another common mistake that most homeowners make when finishing their own basement is they forget to put a fan in the bathroom.
"The fan is very important because not only does it take the unsightly vapors out of the house, but it also takes any condensation that develops and vents it outside of the house."
"This is also very important, don't forget the, the fan in the bathroom."
My name is Walt Case I own Card Traders of Austin in Austin Texas.
We've been in business for about sixteen years and sell a variety of sports cards.
There are also card shows that are held nationally all over the country where dealers set up and you can buy cards.
You can also buy cards from individuals.
So there are any number of ways to purchase your baseball cards.
The things I think you need to lookout for is always buy cards from someone you can trust.
"Whether it be your local hobby store, or someone that you developed a relationship with online."
Or through a card show.
Also the trust factor becomes very critical if you are buying expensive cards to make sure you are not buying a counterfeit card.
One of the questions that's frequently asked is how do I buy baseball cards.
You can buy baseball cards in any number of ways.
You can certainly buy them from a hobby shop like mine.
"Where you have a chance to come in and look at the cards, see what the cards look like."
Determine if it's a card that you would like to collect based on the price of the card.
And based on the design of the card.
You can also buy cards through the internet.
There are a number of internet sites that allow you to do that.
We are going to do some twist there is a lot of ankle work involving Irish step dancing and a good exercise is to rotate your ankle like this.
Not necessarily to give you strong ankles but to give you loose and flexible ankles.
A very popular move is to twist going forward like this where your doing stepping but your twisting when you land your foot.
"So you go twist, twist, twist, twist, twist and you can do the same combinations going backwards twist, twist, twist, twist, twist."
So if your doing it faster it really involves a lot of ankle work.
That's the twist.
"Once you've mastered doing Bunny Hops, which is basically a short series of hops all in a row, just to keep yourself balanced in one place."
"You can actually expand that into something else, where you do Bunny Hops, and you do it in a circle."
"Basically you're twisting your body around, it's similar to turning."
"So, what you're going to be wanting to do, is you're wanting to lean your body in the direction that you want the unicycle to turn, and then as soon as you hop up into the air, you're basically torquing the unicycle around with you."
"Then you hit the ground and you do the same thing again, you're leaning in the direction you want to turn and then you torque the unicycle in that direction to come with you."
"So, it looks a little bit like this."
"You ride forward, you're going to stall, go ahead and do a couple of hops just to get your balance."
"So, I'm going to jump up in the air, and I'm going to torque that direction so."
"And, that's how you do Bunny Hopping in a circle."
"As you can see, this is a very different brush."
This is called either a foundation or concealer brush and it's a smooth palette and the bristles are very close.
"As you can see, I put quite a lot on the back of my hand."
"Go ahead and put it underneath her eyes, and like I said, this goes ahead and gives you the appearance of not only taking away those imperfections underneath the eyes, but it also pops out certain bone structures in your face because you do want to pop out those high cheek bones, and this is exactly what this does when you use this."
"You want to pop out those cheek bones especially on stage because you want to give the appearance of having perfect bone structure, right?"
"So, how do we do that?"
That's achieved through makeup.
"Makeup does so many origins, and as you can see, I'm putting it right here on the base of her nose."
You want to go ahead and get it down.
"And it's almost like a square, rectangular shape that I'm doing this in."
"Make sure that it's very, very smoothed out and you don't want it clumpy and you want to make sure, and as you can see, I'm not...I'm not doing it in a way that I would be painting, I'm actually pushing down on it with a brush."
"So you push down on it to get that nice perfect skin tone, and as you can see I went all the way up into this space right here with that concealer, and we're going to do that exact same thing on the other side of the face."
"So, they're very, very, almost feels like they're wet feeling, and this is concealer."
"Right there on the nose, like I said."
"And right up into the eye corners, as you also want it there."
And make sure that it's very nicely and evenly smoothed out.
"And as you can see, the concealer is a little bit whiter than her natural skin tone, and that's sometimes what you want to do."
"You don't want to go too light though, or you don't want to go where it's too dark because concealer is used to bring out features in the face."
And usually concealer is not used over the entire face.
It's just used to cover up different things like under the eyes.
"This covers up as we call it, those skunk eyes...raccoon eyes is what I mean."
Raccoon eyes.
"And you go ahead and, well actually, sometimes I like to do, is use my own hand as a palette because the heat of my hand will melt the concealer just a little bit better so it goes on just a little bit smoother."
Hi I'm Evan from Gregg's Greenway Cycles and today we're going to go over how to tighten or loosen your brakes on your bicycle.
The first thing that you want to do when tightening or loosening your breaks is decide where exactly it's comfortable for you to pull on the lever.
"And then also a secondary method to adjust the tightness or looseness of your brakes, is to come back to the actual caliper itself, here on the back of the bike."
"With a five millimeter allen key, you can actually adjust the pull right at the brake caliper itself."
"So you can just adjust how much cable is being pulled right at the caliper, and it's kind of a hit and miss since you can't be pulling and adjust at the same time."
"So you kind of have to make an adjustment, then check you pull."
"And that seems a little bit too tight, so maybe you let just a little bit more out."
There.
"Then give it another pull, and that feels good."
And then your last check is to make sure that your pads aren't rubbing on either your disc rotor or on your wheel.
"And in this case we have a disc rotor, and so it sounds good."
"There's no pad rubbing, the wheel isn't dragging at all."
"If you like it to pull all the way back to the bar, then you know that you need to loosen up your brakes a little bit."
"The pull is good, nice and comfortable. Not too far, not too close. And that is how you adjust your brakes."
"And if you like just a little bit of pull before your breaks start to engage, then you know you need to tighten them up."
"One of the easiest adjustments you can make when tightening your brakes, is with the barrel adjuster here."
And you just go ahead and spin it clockwise until you feel you're getting an adequate amount of pull.
Whatever feels good for you.
"And then that looks right about good about there, pulling about half way before it starts to engage."
"And then this nut here, go ahead and lock that down so that this one is keeping this one stationary up against the lever body."
So that's one way to go ahead and do it.
One of the ways I teach my students to get good balance is an exercise for it; you will want to make sure you are in the correct posture.
"You will want to bring one foot up, right up in front of you, it should be straight out and this will add an extra obstacle to help to keep you, where you have to maintain your balance."
"If you practice this every day your balance will come to you, try reversing it and then bring that foot down and bring the other foot up, again bring it straight up, and rotate at the foot and then reverse it."
You may find that when you first start this move you might be wobbly trying to get off the floor.
You can try lifting and just doing it this far until you feel comfortable enough that you are not going to fall and then you can lift it all the way up but to get good balance you really want to try to get that leg all the way up.
This is something that if you practice it daily in just a few minutes if you are on the phone or anything else it is a move that will eventually come to you and it will greatly help your balance.
Right now I am going to be talking about patterns.
"You can turn it around and there is a different pattern, the flowers are different colors."
The patterns are very essential to what you are going to be wearing.
"If you are going to be wearing a solid dress, a pattern is going to be okay."
"If you are going to be wearing a patterned outfit, then a patterned purse is probably not your best choice."
I would definitely take the next step when you are looking at patterns.
When you are checking out your outfit make sure you know what kind of patterns you want to match with that outfit before you go out and buy that bag.
Up next we are going to be talking about designers.
There are many different patterns in choosing a handbag.
"You will see so many different patterns, colors, bright colors and bright patterns."
The most commonly known different patterns is Vera Bradley.
As you can see in this bag right here there is a different pattern all over the bag.
"It is the same pattern but you can buy different patterns, different colors."
There are different names.
There are different everything?s.
"Also for another example, here is another bag with a different patterns, with flowers and flowers are very in."
O.k.
Now you have all your supplies ready and the first step we're going to do is exfoliate the skin.
The reason for this is to remove all dry and dead skin cells.
You want to use your buffing cream.
You're going to do this in the shower.
"And you want to scrub the buffer onto your skin and, yeah that's plenty, and go ahead and do that on your legs."
So the first step in trimming any piece is to make sure that it's centered.
"And the way that you do that is start the wheel head spinning, and you're going to see that it's a little off center right now."
It doesn't need to be changed in shape very much.
"But on the inner piece, you can see there's a little corner, a little ledge, and I don't want that to be there."
So I'm going to remove that with my ribbon tool as well.
"So once that's smooth, the next thing you do is you smooth the bottom of the piece out with your sponge."
"This is going to be the last time you're going to touch the bottom of it before you fire it, so make sure it's to your satisfaction."
"And now is the time when you would either sign in your name, or push in your impression with a stamp that you've either made yourself and fired, or a rubber stamp that you've had made at a rubber stamp company."
"Push that in there, and we're ready to do the trimming on the bowl."
"So, it's a process that takes a little while to learn."
It's called tapping on the center.
"But you really just pat the pot, give it a little spank."
"It's kind of counter intuitive, because you're hitting, at first you're going to want to hit at the wrong place and you're going to make it more off center."
Give yourself some patience with that.
"Once you've got it on center, you're going to take your ribbon tool."
"This is called a ribbon tool because when you go to trimming, it makes a ribbon of clay that peels right off of the piece."
"So I just want on the outside part, to make it smooth."
"This is Mark Bowers from bowersphotography.com in Utah, and this segment is flash photography lighting gels."
What I'd like to show you is there's a lot of gels that are available out there.
"I put duct tape on the back and I wrapped it the same diameter as the gel and I just put it right over the flash tube and at low power, this just puts out the most beautiful brown color that you imagine."
Another thing I want to show you is how the lights look on a background.
"I've got a little spotlight here and this can show you, kind of this is a red gel, and we'll just put it on the background."
Now this particular spot is a hot light.
It will melt the gels and so you have to have some space between the gels and the backgrounds.
"That's a red one, here's a blue one and you match the backgrounds with the color that you want to show."
Usually you can find these in theatrical supply stores and some nice photography stores.
There's hundreds of different colors that you can get.
"Some of my favorites, I bought in sheets."
"You can get them in, some of my favorites are blues and greens and purples and reds."
There are some things that you don't have to spend a whole lot of money on.
"What I've done mostly with my gels is because I shoot with a flash that's very low power, it's two hundred watts or less, so that I can actually put the gel against the flash and it's not going to melt."
"One of my favorite ones is this Kodak film that I just rescued from the garbage can, not very expensive."
In fact it was free.
"So I'm continuing ripping my paper, and one, you know, this is why I like tearing my paper down."
"You can almost see how this is sort of like, you know, as I'm working the coolest thing to me about being an artist, you know working, is that you get ideas."
So I'm going to save these two and I'm going to cut these down.
You know some days I like big prints.
Some days I like small prints.
But what I'm going to start coating are just a couple of small sheets to show just how to coat and how to work with the material.
"One interesting thing about what's going on here today is it's a very humid day here in Austin, Texas and this paper is already, it's sucking up the humidity."
I can almost feel it curl right now.
That's one thing about print making to me.
"You know I'm looking at the way I'm tearing this paper down and it's like a book already, and I'm like what kind of book can I make today with cyanotypes, and one thing that I forgot to mention is that the cyanotype is cheap."
I mean one of the few materials that I work with that is dirt cheap.
"Paper is not that cheap when you use a lot of it, but the material itself is."
So again I'm back to kind of daydreaming about my little book here.
I'm going to keep ripping.
"So again I've got another quarter sheet, and this is where this is kind of cool too because I can think about what size prints I want to make."
I'm not buying this paper pre-ripped.
"You know, thinking in my little crazy head here like oh I can make a print that is this long or I can make a print that is this big."
We're going to go ahead and shake that up.
Just like so.
"Pour that, with our ice, into a highball glass."
"Yum, yum, add in a stirry straw, and we're going to garnish this with a cherry, and a wedge of lime."
"And a little known fact, this drink was created by Fred Faulkenburg of Canada, who won the nineteen seventy-six IBA International Cocktail Competition with this very Ramcooler."
Enjoy.
Cheers.
"Then we're going to add in a half ounce of Gallianno, which is a fabulous French liqueur."
"And, we're going to add in two ounces of lime juice, which is about four good squeezes."
"So, this is going to be a very lime flavored drink."
Alright.
"Hi, my name is Chell Garcia-Trias, and I'm a modern dancer in Austin Texas."
"I'm going to show you how to do downward dog, which is a yoga position."
There's a lot of things to think about here.
And everybody is going to be in a different place with it.
"You might feel you can't bring your heels to the ground, that's fine."
"You might find you're not ready to straighten your legs, bend your knees a little bit, that's fine."
"Really, push through all of the fingers through your hands and the palms of your hands."
"It's really important, whatever position you're in here, that you're pushing through your shoulder blades, pushing them into the ground, dropping your shoulders, pushing your arms, reaching with your hips."
"Take deep breaths while you're there, so that you're relaxing and releasing, and deepening the stretch."
You'll feel a nice intense stretch all the way into your calves in that position.
So that is a great way to do downward dog when you're in modern dance.
"However, I do it the way I learned it in modern dance, which is a little bit different."
"So, basically I'm going to come to all fours, as if I was in a dog position."
"But then I'm going to push my knees off of the ground, and I'm going to push my hips up towards the ceiling."
"As much as possible I want to have a tight little angle there, a flat back, and straight legs."
"And I want to push my ankles towards the ground, my heels towards the ground."
"So, I'm going to put my hands down on the ground, tuck my toes under, and push my hips towards the ceiling."
"While I'm in this position, I'm going to drop my shoulders, I do not want my shoulders up by my ears, I want to drop them into my back, drop my shoulder blades into my back."
"Push through my hands, push through my feet, drop my heels towards the ground, straighten my knees."
"Okay, another way you can fix an error is...kind of goes back to not making it in the first place."
"And one of the ways that I find that I make less and less errors, is I'm more comfortable where I'm at in my studio."
"So, that's one of my secrets, and I hope it works for ya."
And I have a nice set-up where I work.
"I have music that I listen to, and things like that."
"What happens is, there's less stress."
"And if....if you're in a peaceful place, and it's less stress, and you're doing what you love to do, you're probably not going to make as many mistakes."
"So if you're prone to painting at the kitchen table while you're cooking dinner and the kids are running in and out of the house, and the husband's not home yet, might not...you might make some errors and you might not be able to fix them."
"But if you can find a nice, secluded place where you can actually paint, and be by yourself, and be comfortable where you're at, you won't make as many errors because you're going to be more relaxed."
"And if you do make an error, it'll be much easier to fix, and you just won't be all stressed out."
"So, definitely, be happy where you paint, and you will make a lot fewer mistakes."
Hi.
"Finally, we have the single pennant bracelet that actually would work well with a necklace."
"You can find one that matches it, switch it up a little bit, play around with it, but always stick to silver with the earrings and necklace, if that's what the color of your bracelet is."
"Also if you're wearing a bracelet, it's a good idea to make sure that one piece of jewelry is your stand out piece."
Everything else needs to be a little bit more subtle so that the eye doesn't have conflicting interest.
Finally this last watch that we have is actually made for a man.
Men can wear bracelets as well as women.
"This one kind of resembles a watch band without the watch face on it, and can be worn in a variety of ways with a variety of outfits."
Join us in the next segment and we're going to talk about anklets.
We're going to talk a little bit about how to accessorize using your bracelets.
The first few examples that we have are this one here.
"This one's a little bit fancier, and typically you would think about pairing it up with something, something more glamorous, that you'd be going out for an evening out on the town."
"I, on the other hand, like the mix things up a little bit, pairing up fancy, stylish things with a casual outfit."
"So for me, this would be something that I might want to have some fun with."
Second bracelet option that we have is this one here.
This is an example of a charm bracelet.
And one that I can see going well with a sparkly ring.
"Hi, in this segment we're going to do another type of a foot brush."
We call this one the Tommy kick or the Tommy brush because he's basically the guy who does it the best and it kind of got named after him.
You can go into a lot of different moves after that Tommy kick.
It's a great way to save a Frisbee or to pass a Frisbee or to get the Frisbee into another different part of your combination.
"So we'll try that one, one more time you go to clock spin."
You'll set it up swing your foot across.
The Tommy kick.
"And what we're going to do it's, this one for me a clockwise spin."
So clockwise spin here and then I'm going to look at the bottom of the Frisbee again.
I'm going to bring my foot up and I'm going to hit it with the outside of my foot bringing it back here.
Swinging it across the Frisbee so it comes back up this way.
"So clock spin here, here."
Try that again.
Clock spin set it up here.
Clock spin set it up here.
"So, like what I told you in the previous clip, the first thing that we need to do is go ahead and take this seam out."
And most pants have a tack here.
There we go.
The seam in the middle right here.
They're never going to be over here.
They're always in the same spot.
Let's just go ahead and cut this one too.
Be real careful if you are using a razor blade.
You don't want to cut your pants.
"These types of clothing, they'll fray pretty easily.We'll have that one open. Now that we have that done, we're going to be taking out this chain-stich."
That keeps the hem up.
Sometimes it is sewn.
And that's a blind stich and usually they're right here in the corner where the seams are.
You just have to look for a small piece of thread hanging out.
See there's a leap right there.
"I'm pretty sure, that's right where the blind stich starts."
"Yeah, that's it."
You just pop that out and it just pulls right out.
"And this is the reason that a lot of men's pants the hems will come undone because if you pull one thread like that, and I'm sure this has happen to you before, the hem is out."
And now we have to go do the other one.
Let me open this up.
You just kind of look around.
Sometimes it is done with a needle like a little tack.
And there it is.
You can kind of see it because it the seam overlaps itself.
I think that's it.
That might not be it.
Okay.
"Maybe it takes you just a minute, but that's okay."
"Oh, I think it's the wrong side."
Let me look on the other side.
"Even me, it takes me several times."
I think there it is right there.
"But, I like to use a razor blade to take things a part."
See usually the tell-tell is when the piece of thread is hanging out.
Pull that.
There we go.
Let me just yank this thing out.
Okay.
"So, now that we have the hem undone, we're going to lay it out and in the next clip we're going to talk about the measurements and why we're going to mark it the way that we're going to mark it."
"So, let's do that in the next clip."
You can use a seamer ripper if you want.
You just make a little tiny cut.
Bring that down.
You do it to all sides.
And these are always done right at the seam .
Today we're going to make this beautiful vegetable flower centerpiece in crudites.
"Not only is it a fabulous centerpiece for your table, it is a unique way to serve your vegetable crudites."
So you'll want to cut off the ends.
And then you want to cut a slice.
About a quarter inch slice like that.
Into little rounds.
You want quite a few of these because you need two for each flower.
And it depends on how many flowers you want to make.
"If you want a nice full basket of flowers, you're going to make a lot of flowers."
And then you just set those aside.
And then I'll show you how to slice the root vegetables for the flower petals.
The basket is stuffed full of fresh vegetable sticks ready for dipping.
And the flowers are made of an assortment of root vegetables.
All edible.
"Including sweet potatoes, turnip, radish and kohlrabi."
We'll start by preparing some carrot rounds.
You want to peel some carrots up.
You want to use some skinny ones and some fat ones.
So we'll peel those and then we're going to cut a whole bunch of little rounds that we'll use for making our flowers.
"So after you have both your synch and asynch four club fountains together, you might want to think about switching in between them without stopping."
"Now this is a pretty cool visual effect, but it will take a lot of time and a lot of practice."
"So if you start with your asynch pattern, what you're going to do, is you're going to take your strong hand and you're going to throw a triple throw, and leave all other throws exactly the same."
"So what this will do is it will delay your right hand by one beat, thereby putting it into the same pattern as your left and moving you into synchrous."
It looks something like this.
"Here we're in asynch, we'll make a triple throw out of our left hand and keep all other throws the same, and it puts you into synch."
"Now to get out of synch, to go back to asynch, you're going to do the exact same thing, you're going to delay your hand by one beat, but this will put you into asynch, just like that."
Hopefully you don't drop like I just did.
"But again, so you can see how that works, we'll be in synch, a triple throw puts us right back into asynch."
"Now that triple throw can be pretty hard to execute it sometimes, but you just have to really think about isolating your right and left hands, getting a triple and a double, and it should all work out!"
The first thing we need to look at is actually getting the glass melted before we start making beads.
"You need to be very careful when you melt glass because if you heat glass up too quickly it's just like dropping an ice cube into a hot glass of tea, it will shatter very quickly; it's called thermo-shocking."
"So with a piece of glass with a diameter this large you want to make sure that you introduce it into the flame very, very slowly, and you start at the back end of the flame, about six inches out from the head of the torch."
"So remember, the thicker the diameter of your glass, the more slowly you're going to have to introduce it to the flame."
"As this glass starts to heat up and gets to the point that it's malleable enough to work, it'll start to get an orange glow to the tip."
As the orange increases going down the tube you can then bring the glass closer and closer to the head of the torch.
You never want to work closer than about two inches to the head of the torch.
"So now you can begin to see the tip is orange, you introduce more of the glass, and as you want to make sure that as you're heating the glass you keep rotating the rod in your hand."
"As you continue to heat, the orange color will spread, and eventually the glass is going to become the consistency of warm honey, and it's going to start to droop when you hold the rod still."
"When you have this droop, it's finally time to work your glass."
"Another way that things happens is, as the child ages, they obviously start to fall a lot."
"As they learn to walk, as they crawl, and things of that nature."
We've got gymnastics.
We've got ballet.
We've got dance.
"All this going on, when bodies aren't quite ready yet to handle the physical load that's being placed upon them."
"It's these little bumps, these little bruises, these little chronic, repetitive type motions, that can actually create problems within the spine."
"Now, you ask why does a child need to be checked?"
"One thing, that I've told parents through out my chiropractic career is that as the twig is bent, so grows the tree."
"If a child has a mis-alignment at an early age, there's a good possibility that that misalignment can grow into bigger things as that child ages."
"It's much more effective to get that child taken of when they're young, as opposed to waiting for it to be a problem."
"So, I would encourage you all to get your children checked by a chiropractor today."
"They're falling and bumping into things, and doing all things that kids do."
"In fact, some one study, I think a survey showed that the average child falls about twenty five hundred times before they're five years old."
"Now, I know I'm way above average, cause I know I fell way more than twenty five hundred times before I was five years old."
"Now, another thing that happens as we age, is that, we go into youth sports."
Not only youth sports but all kinds of other activities.
We've got soccer.
We've got football.
We've got baseball.
"Hey, we are talking about how to speeches, and I'm really excited because you've picked your topic now."
"You know what it is, you want to teach us how to do."
"So, as you're writing, remember you're going to follow a one, two, three, four, order."
"Now, we're still going to have an introduction, we're still going to have a conclusion, but as far as three solid body parts, like what you would have in a persuasive or an informative speech, that's not what we're doing this time."
Now follow steps.
"First you do this, second you do this, third you do that."
"That's why our baby speech doesn't work out very well, because there's really no method to the madness."
You do what you do when you do it.
"This, so I can learn it, needs to follow an order."
So now let's take a look at introductions and conclusions for the how to speech.
"Now don't forget, how to topic has to be culled down to a small manageable size and it has to be demonstrable, and what I mean by that is your how to speech must follow chronological order or steps."
"You see in an informative speech you can just tell me the information, but in a how to speech you have to follow an order."
Let's say we're going to learn how to back a cake.
Is the first thing you're going to tell me to put the cake in the oven?
No!
What's the first thing you're going to tell me?
"To go and get the ingredients, or go to the store and buy the cake mix, or whatever it is."
The first step.
CHRIS MURPHY: Hi.
So you want to keep your city contacts alive.
"So, work the road for money and the city for contacts."
"So, in the beginning, the road work on the weekends, you'll get paid more money, anyway, so you want to do the road."
You want to build your act in the city then go out in the road.
"However, don't abandon the city."
Because what happens is many television acts come out of the city 'cause many showcases in front of agents who come out to the city.
"So, you want to have both worlds, okay, do 'em both."
I'm here at the New York Comedy Club in New York City.
Today we're going to talk about how to have a career in comedy.
Okay.
"This is ""The Road Versus the City."""
"There are two kinds of acts--comics I should say, when they first start out; there's a road act and a city act."
"In the beginning, what you want to do is be a city act in the beginning, I'll tell you why."
"Many times--well, first of all, city acts will always work the road, never vice versa."
"Why? 'Cause city acts is a little clique and they whisper in the owner's ear, ""Oh, this guy's a hack."" It's not necessarily true, but they want to keep their own position."
"Hi, I'm Robert Nizza, with the BTI group, in San Francisco."
"I'd like to speak with you, about how to sell part of your business."
"Second step, is to do some accounting, and figure out how much money, that product or service generates, what expenses are associated with it, and have that separated out, so that a buyer can accurately see, what those numbers are, so that a value can be developed from that, and those are some first steps, to thinking about how to sell part of your business."
"Before you start thinking about selling part, ask yourself, what are my goals, my objectives for wanting to sell part of the business?"
What will I be getting for that?
Most small businesses are sold as a complete asset sale.
"We don't usually sell just part of the business, but let's say you did."
"One of the things that the buyer would want to see, is what is the value of this part of your business?"
"So if you do have a separate division of your business, or a product line that you do want to sell, it's really crucial to represent that accurately, in terms, of how much revenue does that product generate, and what the expenses are associated with that product, or different division of the company, so that you can fully represent, what exactly you're trying to sell."
"Basically, you want the buyer to be able to have a transparent view of what they're buying, so before you want to sell part of your business, or a product line, or something like that."
The first step is to understand why you want to sell it.
"Now I have several hands laid out here, like we are playing 3 card poker so just kind of look at me in increments of 3, we're going to start over here this is a pair of deuces with a ten kicker, and this is the pair plus this is pertaining to the pair plus."
"Let's say you have a dollar on the pair plus and you have a pair in your hand, your going to get paid even money so your going to make a dollar."
"So they're going to pay you a dollar and this is just for the pair, we're going to the next one which is a flush and on the flush your going to get paid for to 1, so if you have a dollar you get paid $4."
"Moving on to the next one this is a straight, 7, 8, 9 in this section you got a straight your going to get paid 6 to 1 on that, so if you put a dollar up, your going to get paid $6 on your dollar."
"This is three of a kind, we have three aces here, three any of the same card, you know this is where you start making some good money here, if you put a dollar up, your going to get paid 30 to 1 on that."
So you make 30 bucks on that dollar.
"This is where you really get this is a straight flush, three cards same suit in a row, that is 40 to 1, so if you got paid a dollar you got 40 bucks, if you get a little fistey start putting a little bit more money you can make some serious money if you get a straight flush but it is very rare occurrence that your going to get a straight flush or even a straight."
"That is why they pay 40, 30 to 1, so these are all the pair plus hands."
Thank you for watching.
"So, now I'm going to show you how to do a double mat."
"So I write on here ""one quarter inch."""
Now I'm going to back this up one quarter inch.
So it makes it real simple; the only number I need to know is three and seven eighths.
"So, I've backed it up a quarter inch for the inside mat and I've laid this out."
"Again, I know that my side margins are going to be a little bit different, so I put my finger on twenty, which is the size of the frame."
"And, it's actually nine and a quarter."
"So, half of that is four and five eighths."
"So, we put my mat guide on four and five eighths, we back it up for that quarter inch on the inside and now we lay this out."
"Okay, so I've put my mat into the mat cutter."
This particular mat cutter cuts on a forty five.
"So, again, this particular one we did it larger."
I've put the mat in about an eighth of an inch past the line.
I come down about an eighth of an inch past the line.
"I move my bottom board here every single time so that when this blade goes through and makes a cut, it doesn't go and make a cut through the same line, which would make my cut on the mat not be nice and straight."
"Okay, now sometimes, the mat does not just fall out like it did the last time."
"So, what we do is we take a little razor blade and we pick this up, because we don't want it to rip and then it won't make a beautiful corner."
That's all it took was one little tiny nip.
We are going to do a sixteen by twenty.
"So, what we are going to do is take the top mat (the one that you see the most of) and we are going to cut that first."
"So, we take our tape measure and we are going to measure to find out what our margins are going to be."
"So, this frame is a sixteen by twenty, so we see that it is seven and three quarters."
"So, half of that is three and seven eighths."
"But, remember that we have another mat to put underneath it and this is the top mat."
"So, what we do is, first we put it on three and seven eighths and we decide that I'm going to use a quarter of an inch of the inside color."
Hi my name is Keith Fitzpatrick.
This is Hip hop moves for kids and we are going to go over something called the clown.
"And as you do that, your body goes up and down."
And up and down.
"So when you do it together it's going one, two, three, four."
And you just kind of jump into that.
"Boom, boom."
You bounce.
One and two and.
"Okay, so that's that part."
"Boom and, boom and."
The next part your arms wave here and wave back this way.
"Now, the clown is one of the dances that started all of the crumbing, that everyone is doing all of a sudden now."
"When you put it together, you go."
One and here and a wave and a wave.
"Okay so again that's here, here wave and wave."
Then you just do it the other way.
"Here, here wave and wave."
"Okay so, when you put it together, break it down."
"Here, here boom, boom, boom."
"Here, here boom, boom, boom."
But the clown is kind of different.
So when you do it.
You kind of start you on the real kind of silly and move around.
Move around a lot like clowns.
Clowns are really kind of crazy.
So you start here and your hands are this way.
You do this with your hands.
Hi!
"So the ingredients that we are going to be using for the German Chocolate Cake are a half cup of water, 1 bar of sweet of cooking chocolate, 1 cup of butter or margarine, 2 cups of sugar, 4 eggs, 1 teaspoon of vanilla, 2 1/2 cups of cake flour, 1 teaspoon of baking soda, 1/2 teaspoon of salt, 1 cup of buttermilk."
You don't have to use cake flour if you don't have it or if you don't know what it is.
You can use all purpose flour.
"The difference between the two is just that cake flour is more fine so if you just sift all purpose flour a couple of times, it will work the same."
"If you don't have a sifter, you can just use a wire whisk and it will do the same thing."
Hi my name is Dave Andrews.
Today I'm going to give you some tips for creating a website.
"I have a little bit of a rollover here on my navigation items, but it's pretty obvious what each one of these do."
I click right here on press for example that brings you to some press releases for some programs I have on my website.
Now the second thing or the third thing you want to look at is make sure that you have a lot of content on your website.
Make sure that the users here come into your website are going to see something and be interested in what they are reading and are finding what they are looking for.
"And that, you can do that by having good well separated paragraphs of texts that are separated by headings and explain exactly what you are trying to do, what you are trying to get out there for your customers."
My name is Dave Andrews and I just gave you some tips for creating a website.
Let's go to our computer and I'm just going to pull up my website here.
And I'm going to give you a little bit of explanation on some of the decisions I made.
And also why they might be a good choice for you to make.
Now if you are looking at my website a couple of things that I think are good to do when you are designing a website is first of all make sure that the background colors on your website contrasts with the color of the texts.
That way it's nice and readable for the people that are visiting your website.
"They don't have to squint you know if I had made this sort of like a light gray on my text or something, it would be nearly impossible to read."
"And you know the purpose of your website is to get what you are trying to portray to your audience, try to make that to where they can see it and read it so it's just a good idea to have some contrasting colors for that."
Now another tip is to make sure that your navigation is easily visible and it's very obvious what each of your navigation items do.
Your skin is your largest organ and it will absorb any chemicals we put on it.
So why not make your own all natural cleanser?
Remove it from the heat and mix in one ounce of the herb or flower water from the fridge using a whisk.
Apply it to your face avoiding the eyes and lips and wash off with water.
"Remember, making your own skin cleanser gives you all natural ingredients for a radiant glow."
I'm Jackie with how to make herbal skin cleansing cream.
Have a beautiful day.
I'm Jackie with how to make herbal skin cleansing cream.
You'll save time and money and have fun in the process.
Crush one once of herb leaves or one once of flowers in a cup of water.
Pour the mixture into a pot and add another cup of water to cover it.
"Bring it to a boil slowly, especially if you're using flowers."
"Simmer for about three minutes, cool it, and then strain the leaves and flowers."
Refrigerate the mixture for about two hours.
Melt one ounce of lanolin or bee's wax in a double boiler and stir in three to four ounces of almond oil or avocado oil very slowly.
Hi my name is Tishambia Caine and I'm with Studio Soiree and I'm doing the cardio cabaret dance routine.
So we've done three movement and now we are going to do the second set of kicks.
So that is four movements you have just learned.
It is actually the same kick but we are going to add a little bit more by bringing our arms out.
You see these muscles.
We are going to gage those by bringing those arms out.
You do this for a couple of hours and you will gain some serious muscles.
"So it is just simple, bring your arms out and do the same kick but in this case go forward where the leg goes in front of the arms and then in back, in back, now this part of the routine is about control."
You have to have some serious control and then back.
"Again always use your stomach to control yourself and to keep your arms up like this takes a lot of shoulder muscles, back muscles."
You will get a double work out between these arms and the legs.
"Hi, my name is Lincoln Ward."
"I'm a USPTA certified teaching pro, also the director of the Austin Tennis Center here in Austin, Texas."
"That, that clamp doesn't hold a tension quite as well."
"And then the rotating clamp, which you can, which is a part of your stringing machine, but you can rotate it, and to different positions for the manes and the crosses."
"My name is Lincoln Ward, and that's a little bit about stringing machines."
Today I'm going to talk to you about stringing machines.
"There's a wide variety of stringing machines out there, which can generally be broken down in to three different portions; the mounting system, the tension system, and the clamping system."
"First off, the mounting system comes in either two, four, or six arm divisions."
"They, they all will hold your racket and just depending on what you prefer to, to use."
"The tension system is one of three different systems; a manual hand crank system, a, a tension pulling system, which is electric, as well as a drop weight system, which can either be electric or manual."
"The third different, the third type or category is the clamping system."
"The clamps you use to hold your racket are either a, a stationary clamp, which you, you take two different clamps and they're actually a part of the, the stringing machine, and they, they're clamped to both ends of the racket as you pull a tension."
"The second type is a free, it's a free standing clamp, which is not connected at all, you just hold it, you just clamp it to the different edges of your racket to string."
Here is a good little trick that you can impress your friends with or even your parents.
I wrote it down so that I don't forget any of the steps.
Let's subtract four.
We get twenty-four.
Divide by two.
We get twelve and now subtract the number you started with which was nine and you'll see that you'll get a three.
"So no matter what number you choose, you'll always get a three and the reason for that is this is the foundation for algebra."
"Whatever you do to one side you do to the other, basic rule in algebra."
Choose a number.
Don't tell anyone what the number is.
"Add five to that number, double the result, then subtract four, then divide by two, the answer that you get here subtract the number that you started with, and you will always see that the result will always be three and you can check that with any number."
"For example, let's say that the number you chose is nine."
Let's add five.
We get fourteen.
Let's double that result.
That becomes twenty-eight.
"Hi, my name is Mary Thinnes and I'm a skin care expert."
"We discuss with you now pre, pre-peel instructions that are appropriate for getting the best results."
"You also don't want to do any, any waxing prior to getting a peel."
And those are just things you to need to keep in mind before actually doing a chemical peel.
You want to actually prep your skin two weeks prior to getting your first chemical peel.
"And by prepping the skin at home what I mean is, you know, if you have hyper pigmentation you want to use your lightning creams that I mentioned before."
"You also want to start doing your papayas, papayas at home."
You can actually do this at home and leave it on for twenty minutes without steam and that actually will help break up those dead skin cells.
Obviously you don't want to do this every night because then you will get a really deep peel when you actually do the peel.
You want to do it like once every third night and the papaya maybe twice a week for those two weeks.
Also you want to stay out of the sun.
Tanned skin actually is not a good skin to do a peel on or burned skin for that matter because its so sensitive.
Women spend a lot of money and a lot of time trying to find the perfect tools for their hair.
"This section can grab half of her hair, no matter the length, in one thing."
It's working with less time on you and less energy.
"Another great straightening tool is the flat brush, which many people don't appreciate."
"If you grab this section of hair, you can clip it together and pull down."
It gives you that straight iron effect and smoothness without having to use such intense heat that the straight iron has.
What you want to look for when you look for a brush is the diameter of the brush.
"For somebody with long hair, this diameter is going to get more tangled."
"Once you go through and try to brush your hair out, it's going to get stuck within the masses of hair for your length."
"What you can use is a brush like this for in long hair is for the ends, which would be your finishing look."
"You can roll your ends in order to achieve that rolling end rounding the face, or you can use in order to get more of that flip."
"Somebody with long hair who's looking for a straighter look, we go for a large diameter brush."
"The larger the diameter of the brush, the larger the section that you can take."
"If you can grab the hair with the brush, then you can blow it out."
"Hi, I'm Ann Myrick and today I'm going to show you how to get rid of what you don't want."
"And that could be clothes, it could be toys that the children grew out of."
"So the first thing you want to do is just go through and decide what you want to get rid of and a rule of thumb with clothes, if you haven't worn it in two years then you probably won't."
So you want to get rid of those.
"If the children have outgrown them, toys, then you probably want to get rid of those."
"Give them to a friend that has a younger child, whatever."
"So you want to just go through each room and work with organizing, taking out."
"Also remember to, like this is a great little piece that I store linens in."
"But, and I have it alot of times I will shut it and use it for a little table."
"What you want to do is if you have pieces like this, if you have things that have tops on them that you have stored in those containers you want to open them up and look in them."
Because there could be a full chest that I really want to get rid of but if I don't look in it I'm going to forget that I have these things.
"So, first, what you want to do is go through each room, each area, basements, attics, and look."
"So if I'm going to the trouble of having a garage sale or doing all this you really want to go through and pull out all the drawers, boxes, take the tops off and look to see what you have where you won't miss anything."
This is Ann Myrick and that is how to get rid of what you don't want.
And you want to have pencil in hand with paper and you want to just make a list.
I would write down each room.
I would write down what you want to get rid of in that room.
And then how do you want to get rid of it?
"Do you want to, there's probably going to be several different ways."
There's probably going to be a box or a sack for garbage.
"There's probably going to be a box or a sack for Goodwill or Salvation Army or your favorite charity. Or there's also probably going to be a box or could be a box, if you want to make a little extra money, for a garage sale."
"Hi, I'm Tina Stull and I drive the Top Dragster for Interstate Batteries."
"In the back here it will show you how to figure out what you have to pay and so if you, licensed competition number 1 category $50.00 and then you also need to be a member and you can do that by purchasing the National Dragster."
"The nice thing about that is with the National Dragster you get, not only do you get there magazine monthly, you'll get a fan guide and that fan guide will give you a lot of information to all the tracks."
"Where they are, what there website is, ticket information, radio frequency, and that's important because when you are at the track they will broadcast like which is called to the lanes, whose running and so forth."
"So you need to be paying a lot of attention to that and every track is different, so this is kind of nice because it's easy to find all the information."
"A lot of times it will give you information about what is in that city and also directions, so definitely this is something worth holding on to."
"As your computer gets older, I'm sure you've ""cum"", accumulated a lot of files, so you're going to have to start deleting some of those files."
"Hi, I'm Charles Stewart Jr., and I'm going to show you how to delete a file."
"You'll find, as you start to look at Windows, that they usually offer three ways to do everything, which is really cool."
"So, all in all, that's how to delete a file."
"We're going to use, we're going to, you work with a Microsoft Windows XP, because that's pretty much what's out there in the world today."
"What's cool about Microsoft is they, they ""ha"", they have three ways to do everything."
"So, when you want to delete something, there's three ways you can do it."
"One, would just be to highlight it, and then hit the delete key, and it'll ask you if you want to delete it."
"Or you can take it, right click, and then delete it."
"Or, you can just drag it into the garbage can, or the recycle bin as they call it."
"And there you go, it's pretty simple."
"And that's again, how Microsoft does pretty much everything."
All right now we are going to start applying mud.
Now the first step in applying mud is making sure we put tape on all the joints and cracks.
The reason for this is so that if the house shakes or settles or moves or something like that your joints are protected from cracking.
So here we go.
Now all of these mesh tapes have one side that has glue on it and one side that doesn't.
Put the glue side to the drywall and press it on and use your razor knife to cut it when your done.
Do the same thing in all corners.
"I like to lay the tape out on the corner and then use my fingers to press it in to the corner so that I get a nice stick on both sides, both the top and the bottom."
Now we're only going to do just a little place here to show you how to do this and then we're going to move on in to mudding.
"All the corners get done, all the joints get done, and all the edges of your corner bead should get done too."
"Hi, I'm Les Whitley."
I'd like to talk to you right now about how to slim the waist.
"Do a variety of different exercises, as your abdominal and mid section, as well as your core, is used in almost everything that you do, it gets trained frequently throughout the day."
"So take time, focus, add that healthy diet, as well as regular exercise to your routine, to achieve that nice slim waist."
"The waist or the mid section, abdominals, or commonly called the core, can be slimmed in several different ways."
Most importantly by minimizing the amount of body fat that's covering the musculature of the structure itself.
"Toning the muscles and keeping the muscles tight will help pull them in, so they act like a natural girdle for the body."
"Reducing the amount of body fat overlying that tissue would help again, slim that area, to give it overall appearance of a leaner, stronger mid section."
"By strengthening and toning the rest of the muscles of your body will give you a nice overall V-shape look, which gives you nice strong shoulders and upper body, a good balanced lower body for strength and development there, but then maximizing that narrow waist by modifying your diet, so that it's overall adding to your health, as well as increasing your level of activity to achieve maximum results."
"Spend time doing abdominal exercises that target all aspects, moving the core and training the core as one."
After all it's the connection between your upper body and your lower body.
And it's not necessarily one specific isolation exercise that's going to provide everything that you need.
Alright.
Most guys put a little bit of hockey tape on there for you.
Make a knob there just so the stick won?t come out of my hand.
And there you go.
Just a nice little tape job just as big as my hand.
Everybody's got their own style.
I like to....I mean pretty much your just getting a better grip with the tape on there and you don't want to lose the stick.
I do a little twist here like this.
It kind of forms to your fingers...and just work it back up.
"Some guys will go a little bit farther down, it's just personal preference."
"I mean, it's not that big a deal really."
Just work your way up though.
When I get to the top I like to make a nice little knob here...wrap it around a couple more times.
Another way that you need to consider affecting your light whether you are inside or outside is how you can control it.
"So right now as I said we are using this garage light and it's very easy for me to control it, I just point it away from my model if I want."
"Or I can reflect it or I can use the black side of a card like this, this is called a flag."
"So whether I'm using the garage light and you want to cover up a certain thing, I can also flag the skylight, so even If I'm outside I can provide some shade for my model."
Which may or may not have a pleasant effect I mean obviously she seems just a little bit too shaded here.
Or I can take this skylight and I can put the reflector under her and light her face up this way.
"So even if you are outdoors and all you have is the sunlight, there are a lot of ways you can control and effect that light."
So just think about those kinds of things when you are doing portraits or even landscape shots.
"And again what you need to do is take the skin potato and take out the peel, the way I'm doing it right now."
"You just need to take the peel that is the brown part, use your hands since it's a boiled potato, you are not to use a knife."
But of course the knife will be used partly when you have to cut the tomatoes for the stuffing part.
So here is our second potato; we need to take our third potato.
"Whenever you're boiling potatoes, try to mix more potatoes because they get kind of softened early, as well you'll get your potatoes softened very easily."
"So get it in a habit whenever you're making vegetables and you need potatoes as if like you're making cauliflower or potato vegetable, you can just not need to boil your vegetable."
"But if you're making a recipe like stuffed tomatoes, you need to boil your potato properly."
"So I kind of boiled my potatoes, and I'm just taking the peel out, there it goes."
And I think I'm almost done with the peel of the third potato.
Now I'm going to show you how to prepare your frame to create your aged frames.
All the frames that you buy that are stained will have a more or less glossy finish on them.
"Once that's done you just take, a damp paper towel is fine, and just lightly brush it all off to get off the sand that you just created."
The varnish and the dirt and that type of thing.
Because you don't want that mixed into your paint.
So you just make sure that you wipe all of the grooves off like this so it's clean everywhere that you're going to paint.
And then let it dry for a few minutes.
You can wipe it off to get any extra moisture.
But then you might want to wait just a few minutes for that to completely dry before you paint.
To avoid having to use a primer on this particular project all you need to do is take a medium sandpaper.
I think this one is number 5.
Anyway you just take it and you just sand the areas that you're going to be painting.
And it's okay if you sand some of that paint off because you're base coat will take care of that.
Just make sure that you sand anywhere that it's still shiny just to give you an idea of how this goes.
"And again, something like this you have a lot more detail to work with."
That's another thing you might want to keep in mind.
If you need to sand something like the other frame with the pewter you might want to mask off any off the molding that you do not want sanded and then just proceed to sand and rough up the surface.
I'm Ivan Madar.
"Those are the basic principles; wider stance, hands to the side."
The next thing is going to be position and angles of my main joints.
"The joints, again, from the side, would be the ankle (this flexion), your knees, and hips."
"Now, what is the ideal stance?"
"Again, the ideal stance is when the pressure goes down on your feet rather than going forward or going backward."
"So, we slightly flex our ankles, push our knees forward and are slightly flexed at our hips with our hands to the side."
"Now, this is still comfortable here."
"If you bounce in this position, that is the position in which you will do a lot of the either the beginner or advanced drills in skiing."
So I'm going to go over the supplies that you'll need to create this beach party look.
The first thing we're going to use is some foundation primer to help our foundation stay on a lot better.
We're actually going to mix together a liquid highlighter and our liquid foundation to give the skin a really nice dewy glow.
We're going to use some bronzer mixed with some peach blush.
"For the eyes we're going to mix together some liners, we're going to mix together a bronze and a plum liner."
Hi I'm Kelli and I am an Aesthetician and makeup artist At Ulta Salon and Cosmetics and I'm going to give you some tips to clear skin.
Basically the easiest way to remember what to do is to look at the acronym for acne.
It is going to lead to inflammation and it is going to lead to scarring but you do want to make sure that exfoliate.
Anybody with acneic skin produces up to four times the amount of dead skin cells of the person with average skin so you want to definitely make sure that you use a lot of exfoliating products.
I like to use salicylic acid for those types of exfoliation because chemical exfoliants helps keep the pores really nice and clean and helps to control the oil and are nonirritating.
So those are some things you can do for clear skin.
"Basically what you want to do is make sure you are using antibacterial products, make sure you are using a really good antibacterial cleanser."
Basically what causes acne is when you have dirt and debris and oil clogged within a pore and it becomes infected by that P.acne bacteria.
So just by using antibacterial products to help to kill that P.acne bacteria you are going to lessen the likelihood of breakout.
"You also want to use oil controlling products typically acneic skin is caused from an over production of oil so just by using oil free products, hydrating products and products like something like microsponging it or something that is going to be oil controlling definitely help."
Salicylic acid is a really great ingredient for that as well.
You also want to use nonirritating products.
You never want to use anything that is abrasive on the skin or anything that is going to overstrip the skin or you never want to scrub over an open blemish.
That is just going to spread the bacteria.
"Ok I have my cornmeal, my beaten egg, add just a 1/4 cup of sugar just to sweeten it up."
"It's not going to be sweet like a corn muffin or anything but, cornmeal is pretty not sweet, it's going to be a little sugar in there."
"Still a little thick, so I'm going to add just a little bit more of the milk."
"So that's just over a 1/2 cup, what I added."
"You know depending on how big of a batch you want to make of this, double it."
"You know use 4 cups of the cornmeal and you know, just double everything else from there."
"Alright, that's looking pretty good, about where I want it."
See the consistency nice.
"This is not a huge batch of cornbread, really isn't."
"So it's going to just be really thin in this pan, but that's OK and again it's going to cook up quickly and it's not going to matter because we are going to break it up and put it in our larger dish anyway, so it's doesn't even matter."
"We get this pan, so we can get in the oven."
"1/4 cup of sugar, 1/4 cup of vegetable oil, just kind of combine and bring that together."
"We are going to add some milk, we are going to mearsure out a cup and I'm going to add it slowly."
"Just ot kind of see how much we need, I'm going to start with about a 1/2 cup."
Let's just start with a 1/2 cup.
"Mix this together and see, yeah, we may not even need much more than that. Yeah, that's coming together nicely. Beautifully, kind of see how that's coming together, starting to look like cornbread!!"
"Well, cornbread batter, get a good look at that."
Okay.
I'll show you how you snap this side in and then we'll be done.
"What I've done is I've just losing them up so they slide back and forth because I want to mount the door and make sure that it fits correctly, and then we're going to go ahead and adjust these to where we want them, and then we go ahead and retighten the screws."
First thing you want to do is get your top one in over here.
This pin is going to go into this hole because you want to make sure to get that pin in like so and then your bottom one into the little triangle.
You may have to use your hand to feel that it is in. Okay. But there it is in and you going to see that our door isn't fitting so we're going to have to adjust our brackets on either side that's why I left them loose.
So you see I can push it over.
Now I've made the clearance that we need for this side and we're going to go ahead and tighten this up right there.
Today we are doing a home gym work out.
We have already done most of our body parts and what we are working on right now is our shoulder muscles.
"We've got an exercise for the front part of our delt which is called the anterior, straight out lifts and now we are going to concentrate on the middle or the medial part of our arm and build this muscle right here."
"What we are going to do is we are going to take our dumbbells and we are going to start from the side, nice stance, bent knees and what we are going to do is go straight up and down, straight up and down."
"You want to have your elbows bent a little bit and you want to take this up about ear height boom, right there, nice controlled motion up, controlled down, explosion up and down, straight up and down."
"You want to have your elbows bent a little bit and you want to take this up about ear height, boom, right there, nice controlled motion up, controlled down, explosion up, and down."
And again this is going to work the side or medial part of your delt.
"The next area I want to talk about is one that I'm particular proud of myself, pretty much designed this under my own thinking."
"What we have here, is what I'm going to call the small head target mirrors."
"They don't train at Bill's gym so you can bet that their face is going to still be here, while your face is down a little bit lower and out of the head target mirror."
"When you step back again, it's ok to have your face in the mirror."
"They can't hit you, you can't hit them."
"You're half a step away, this is where you need to relax."
"So, as we step forward we're bending down."
We're getting out of the mirror.
"Ok. And, not only is that good for just a jab. But, it is also good as you can see for the one two left right."
"Ok. We start throwing now one two, two rights. Again, keep your face out of the mirror. So, four different height mirrors for four different boxers."
I've got four foot square mirrors adjusted a little bit different heights on the wall here.
"Even this one here, for the younger boxers."
"Actually, I had to draw a little circle in the mirror."
"Because, they were so small that they were covering the whole mirror."
"So, again it's one of the few times where being having your face directly in the mirror is not a good thing."
Thanks.
"And, what I have my boxers do is pick one that is approximately their face is dead center of that mirror."
"What we do is, is I tell them if you take a step back from the mirror."
"As you punch yourself in the face, you can simulate that being another boxer punching you."
"So, as you step forward and your fist comes almost directly into your face you can expect that other boxer to be punching you."
"So, what we're trying to do is get your face out of the target out of the head target mirror."
Ok.
"So, as we're stepping forward we're going to bend at the knees and get our face out of the mirror. Ok. Our first, on the other hand is still going directly into mirror directly into their face."
"OK, remember that when you are sitting in a stool it's a little bit different than sitting in a chair on the floor."
So what I want you to do is once again think about your legs ladies.
Than you do a chair on the floor because your feet are now lifted from the floor.
So you're unable to keep that security with your feet on the floor.
This is why you want to keep the right foot in front.
The left one behind and a little bit of placement with the feet diagonal.
On the right side of the chair here.
While I rest my hands on the left hip.
So it gives your body balance and a lot of security while sitting high up in a stool.
Which is raised up off the floor.
Keep the knees together.
Keep the legs crossed.
Ladies keep in mind I keep my right foot in front.
I place my left foot behind the right and then I place it on the step of the stool.
Resting the legs this feels much more comfortable than dangling or them with the knees apart.
Which is very unattractive as we know.
So keep your hands again to the side.
Keep your posture maintain it and in a stool your going to find you're going to sit a little bit deeper into the seat of the chair.
Welcome back.
The little gold circles.
And that just represents any of the fat that's come to the top.
"You just go around the edges, not to confuse it with air bubbles, because you'll see like it gets white and frothy around the edges of the pot on the inside."
"That's just air bubbles as the water is boiling, so don't let that fool you."
And you just go around and skim any off.
"We've done really well, actually."
We're very fortunate.
We don't have that much to worry about.
"In the meantime, just gonna stir the noodles."
I think they're just about ready to put in the colander.
"In our next step, we'll be skimming off any of the grease or fat that's risen to the top."
We'll just put the lid back on here a second.
Let's bring the noodles over and pour them into the colander.
That's a trick I always do when I put the noodles in the colander.
You see the steam that comes up?
I always pull across.
Keeps the steam away from my face.
And just rinse them off a little bit.
"Let soak in the pot, the corning ware just a second."
Now we'll check the soup one more time.
Any more skimming to do?
Remember I said how important it was to clean the chicken and try to get off as much of the fat as you could.
Let's just turn that off.
"O.K., one more time around the pot we should be good to go."
"In the meantime, the pot on the back of the stove, I'm getting the water ready to do the matza balls in there."
It all takes time when you've got to kind of coordinate the time to get your pots and water boiling.
That was so you would not have as much to skim off the top.
We've done a really good job of cleaning the chicken.
We don't have all that much to do.
All you do is run your ladle or spoon around the edges.
"And any little grease patches, that'll just come off as little gold spots on top of the water."
I'm sure you've seen them in soup.
"We have all the pieces we need for our body, and also our head, rolled and taped."
"So now we need to line it up, and we're going to do that by, and this is a great part for the kids to do, just find the rolls and how they gradually go down in size."
"So we can go and compare, all the way down, where they fit in, because we want them to kind of go from largest at the top to smallest at the bottom which will sort of create that gradual effect of head, body, and then tail."
"So here's our outline for our dragonfly body, and what we'll do now is take those longer pieces of tape that we had ready from the beginning, we're going to roll those, and they're going to go right along the backside here, right where we put the tape on when we attached the loops, and we're going to press them down."
"You want to make sure that that tape is on there firmly, and do the next one."
"And we're just going to keep going all the way up, and we're going to do, and this is a tougher part for the kids to do, but they'll get the hang of it, it's a good lesson."
"We're going to push it down, and we're using the guideline that we put on originally, we can always move these around if they're not quite where we want them."
We're going to do that all the way up to the head.
We're talking about maps now.
It helps to know which way to go when you're out there.
It's going to have a legend that tells you what all the symbols are on the map.
It's going to have a scale to give you an idea of distance.
On the map it'll have like little lines.
"Those are the contour lines, tells you the elevation of different parts."
"Right here this has a really nice feature, a profile."
"It gives you an idea of the elevation increases, judging that by mileage, and where on those you're going to find water, shelter and things like that."
So it helps to familiarize yourself with the map before you go out and know what you're going to get into.
If you have any questions give your local outfitter a holler.
This particular map is for the Appalachian Trail.
A lot of trails are marked with paint blazes.
"They'll have like a little paint blaze, a little rectangle on each tree."
"And you go to one, look for the next and go to the next."
But it's nice to have a map to kind of give you an idea what's off the trail.
Particularly handy if you need to do an evacuation and get out quick.
It's also handy in kind of setting yourself up mentally for what you're about to prepare.
A map's going to have a number of things.
"So that you can go home, or obviously you're at home, but so can start doing this tonight, the first thing that we'll do is build a scrap file."
"To build a scrap file, you're going to need a supply of magazines that you don't care about, they're not the library's, they're your own that you can cut up."
"Belts, shoes, purses, whatever."
You want every single aspect of the form of the body that you can look at and begin to reference your own drawings from.
"Books, a good place, or you can go get books at a resell place, any place that has picture books, anything."
"Anything that's visually appealing to you and visually stimulating that you can cut up, you're going to need to have that compiled in front of you, and then you start looking through those things."
"Keep in mind you're going to be pulling design elements to create clothing, and the first part of that is drawing the actual female form, that the clothing is going to be displayed on."
And in order to do that you need to have images from several different categories.
"The first thing you're going to need to do is have images of the full fashion figure, whether you're going to be menswear or womens wear, I'm only going to talk about womens wear, 'cause that's all I do."
"So you need the full body, you need ads from magazines that are a full person."
"Then you need ads that are close up of the head, that way you can see the details."
You want to get ads that are accessories; you're going to have accessories in your collection.
"Now, we'll talk a little bit about the sizing of these systems."
"It depends on what you want to actually run, and of course how much money you have."
"We're going to go on the smaller side, just today."
"If you're trying to power your whole house, and you had air conditioning, and stoves, and lighting, and computers, and the normal things a normal house has, and you wanted to run it all by solar, you'd be using quite a few of these, or these, and some of the systems we install have up to seventy panels or more, and unfortunately, they're maybe a thousand dollars each, so you can see the price goes up, with the amount of load you wish to take over."
"In our system here, my plan is to take my home office off the grid, and just power up some laptops, and entertainment equipment, so we're going to be using a fairly small system."
"One or two of these hundred and forty watt panels, charging a bank of perhaps four six volt batteries, and that will give us enough power to run quite a few lights, my laptop, and some entertainment equipment, from the power of the sun."
"KIRK VICKERS: The next series of movements that we're going to do, the series and movements and exercises are going to be explosive strength power and even some plyometric movements and motions."
The first exercise that we're going to do is what's called the dynamic scissor lunge.
"Again, this is something that's considered to be--should be a little more advanced and this is not a beginner move."
But we're going to start here into a lunge position and we're going to do what's called the scissor lunge.
"Switching position, try not to fall forward with our body."
"But good position with our feet and our ankles, coming all the way through."
You're going to do 10 to 15 of these.
"When you're done with these, you're going to feel a lot of work through the lower extremity, even a little bit of core work right here--the quads, the glutes and the hamstrings and even some low leg and ankle with this one."
"MARK BLOCKER: In this segment, we're going to cover installing the wheel."
"Part of putting the wheel on, I just want to remind you what we're showing you for our video training purposes is on the one side of the car."
I'm just going to put the rotor in straight up and down position so I can readily and easily align the bolts.
"Okay, prior to putting on, I always put just a light dosage of anti-seize on the wheels studs and then when I put the nuts on there, as I spin in on down, that's going to spread that anti-seize around and it provides a good lubricant and protection against rust."
"So, the next time I have to remove this tire for servicing of any type, I've got a good clean bolts without--that are all rusted up and it just assures a good service life of the bolt and the nut because they are located in an environment where they get a lot of water from rain, from road."
Okay.
"After [INDISCERNIBLE], I just go down and start each one."
"Once I get them finger-started, you can just tighten the rest the way down by finger or the star wrench works a little faster."
"Now, you want to make sure you hold that rim on there pretty much flat and tied to the rotor, and then dug the nuts down."
Here's a cheating method.
That's a little trick.
It takes a little practice but it breaks up the monotony to do the job and put a little fun into things sometimes.
"The other side of car, you just reverse the application or do everything in reverse orders."
"Okay, we've completed installing the wheel."
Please watch our next segment.
We'll cover installing the lug nuts.
And there are two ways you can do this.
"You can do it step by step, as you remove the components on this side, you go to the other side, and remove the components because you have the tools needed right there in your hands and you're really familiar with it."
It's a quick and easy to process that way.
"But if you have a problem with laying things out or retention or you're just not that familiar, you might want to do one side at a time; in that way, you can always go over and look at the other side, see how it's put together because it's still unassembled, and it can help you work you through the process to see how everything goes."
"It just depends on how comfortable you are with the job, how familiar you are with the components so you can either do it kinda together or you can do it individually, just depends on your comfort level."
I'll just put that information out to you.
We're all ready to go to install the wheel.
"Okay, let's talk a little bit about scoring."
"Well, a ""miss"", a miss is 1 through 9 and that's what you get, two balls, and whatever you get, 1 through 9, that's what it will count, 7...7."
"Now a Turkey is the highest you can get in one frame, 30 pins in one frame."
"If you get 30 pins in the first, and 30 pins all the way through to the 12th frame, or the 10th frame, 300!"
"It's the object of the game, perfection!"
300..twelve strikes in a row...go and get one!
Now let's talk a little bit more about scoring.
Let's go to the other side.
"Now you see 9 was the first ball, and then they got that one pin that was left, which is a spare."
"Then they got, on their first ball, a 9, so you add the spare which is 10, and the first ball which is 9, is 19 in the first frame."
"They missed that one pin which is an ""open"", ""miss"", ""open"", same terminology."
"So, add 9 onto 19, 28."
"Okay, now also we'll look at the scoreboard and you'll get a spare."
"Same thing in the next frame, 9, miss, 8, miss, 45."
"Alright, when you're scoring, sometimes they don't have computers and you have to manually score it."
"So, if you get a strike, ""X"", if you get a 9, ""9"", if you make that pin, spare, slash (""/"")."
"Open, as you saw on the computer, is just a line, a dash (""-"")."
"Now if you throw a split, well, that's 8 and a big zero which means a hole or a split."
It's nice to put a slash spare through that split.
"Now, a spare, you'll see, see a strike and a spare."
"So I got a 9 and a spare, you see there's 20."
"Now, a spare counts as 10, whatever I get on my first ball, which I got a strike which is 10 pins, so it's 40."
"It's 20 plus the 10 for the spare, plus the 10 pins I got on my first ball, becomes 40."
"Then I got a strike, then I got a ""double""."
A double is two strikes in a row.
"Then I got a triple, which is also called a ""Turkey"", some terminology there."
"Now I'm going to explain a little bit about pirouettes, also what we consider turns in dancing."
"Now one of the most important parts to turns, or pirouettes, is going to be spotting."
"Continuous turning, obviously I'm sure you all know you'll get dizzy."
"However, spotting is a useful tool to keep from being dizzy."
"Now what you're going to want to do is stand flat on your feet, and you're going to want to focus on one specific point."
What you're going to do is start to turn your body but keep your head still and your eyes focused on that one point.
"And then when you get to the point where you can't go anymore around, you're going to whip your head around, and then you're going to continue to walk around until facing forward."
This is the same tool we're going to use when we're turning but you definitely want to do it slowly first to get used to it.
"So focus, turn, whip, turn back around, and focus again."
Hi.
"My name is Derek Tarnow, I've been playing guitar for twelve years and I teach and perform."
What I have on here now are actually the D'Addario Pro-Arte Classical Guitar Strings.
Because it's a classical guitar.
Over here I have my strap for my electrical guitar.
"On this guitar I like to, to just play just the regular D'Addario strings for electric guitars."
"Over here, I have a hollow body."
"On this guitar, I like to use Flat Wounds, but that's total a preference thing."
"Flat Wound strings on most guitars like, like your strats or your acoustic guitars you have Round Wound Strings."
"On the Flat Wound Strings, the wrapping or the around the strings is flattened to reduce the fret noise."
"But again, on this guitar, I just have the D'Addario chromes which is just their flat wound series of strings."
"On my acoustic, I don't play acoustic very often, so I don't."
"In this clip, I'm going to talk about selecting guitar strings."
I'm not too picky about strings on that.
I think for right now actually just Martin Strings on it because it's a Martin Guitar.
It doesn't really matter.
You don't have to match your guitar with your strings at all.
"In fact, it's usually not a good idea."
"Also an important thing to consider when you're choosing guitar strings is, maybe you're playing ability."
"If you are a beginning student, you might want to start with a lighter gage string."
"If you're younger, maybe some eights."
"If you're a little older like, like by older like late middle school, really high school, get some nine gage strings."
Your hands can usually handle it.
"The first thing to decide when selecting guitar strings is, you know, what guitar you're selecting guitar strings for."
"Also, what kind of style you're playing."
Bluesier guitar players like to play on a little heavier strings then metal players.
Metal players on really light gage strings.
"Because they get that really shrieky, streaking sound that they go for."
"Anyway, if you have any questions about guitar strings."
"Generally when you go to a guitar music shop, there would be someone there that would know what they're talking about, to help you out and to help you choose a set of strings that would get you by."
"Also, don't be afraid to experiment and try new strings because that's really the only way that you're going to find out what strings you like or don't like and why."
And that is an important thing to know.
I got out a couple of different kinds of guitars here.
"Just to show that, you know, hey, there are different kinds of guitars and they all need different strings."
What I'm holding is a classic guitar.
It needs a nylon strings.
"A safe bet, when you're buying strings for just about any guitar is D'Addario."
"They make at you know, least decent strings to the best strings for whatever the guitar you're going to restring."
I'm Julie Branum.
"Coming from utasana or standing forward fold, take a nice deep breath in and lengthen the chest up away from the thighs."
Make sure the weight is in the front of the heel right where the heel and the foot come together so that the quadricep is lifted a little bit with the shin and the calf action.
Good.
Extend and lengthen on every inhale.
"On every exhale hugging in muscularly the legs with the quadriceps, the calves and the shin muscles."
Beautiful.
Another deep breath in holding as you lengthen and exhale.
Finish and fold that right hand back down to the floor.
Great job Valerie and Linda.
Wonderful.
Good on your exhale bring your arms along side the body so hands are back by the hips and hold the posture.
"On another inhale lift the chest up as you stand up tall swinging the arms up over head and exhale, place your hands at your heart center Now coming into this pose from trikanasana, step the right foot back, three and a half feet."
"Left toe is pointing straight forward, right toes are at 45 degree angle."
Both legs are nice and straight.
Take a nice deep breath in as you extend those arms out away from the shoulders.
Exhale and lace the the left hand down on to the left shin swinging the right arm up to the sky.
This is a great time to use a block if needed.
"If you feel that you have a little tightness and this is a little bit more of a lift, good."
A nice folkloric move is an Arabic traveling to the side with the sharper hip movement.
So that's going to look like this.
"Relax your shoulders so you have a nice separate carriage, keeping your body nice and in line with itself."
"You can use your arm up here to have a nice, little line going down and priming the hip with the other hands."
Very good.
Now try this in the mirror and make sure everything is moving nicely.
"Let's put one foot in front, the other one slightly in back and we're going to pull the hip up into our rib cage, really crunching your side muscles and pushing with this leg here using the ball of your foot."
Make sure the leg in the front stays nice and bent.
So it's going to pull up like this.
"And we're going to travel with it, so as you do it, as you press up, it's going to allow your other foot in the front to travel forward."
"So we're going to go forward, forward as we lock it up."
"And up and in, and in."
"Other way, in, in, in, in."
"Bring it in nice and sharp toward your rib cage. In, in. Good. Make sure you keep your belly button pulled in, and your chest lifted."
"Hi, I'm Jan Kain and I'm back again to tell you a little about Chi Gong."
Now we're going to go into the breathing and grounding.
"Now that we're grounded in standing position, we're going to talk a little bit about breathing."
The breathing is in through the nose and out through the nose and mouth.
So let's try just a couple of these.
Inhale and exhale.
"And, again, inhale and exhale."
"Just imagine your lungs are like two big balloons, you want to make sure that they fill completely and empty completely."
You will automatically feel a great sense of calm if you breathe in this fashion.
"So now that we know about the grounding and the breath, let's move on."
"Very, very important before we actually even get started."
"There's probably the most important thing that you're going to be able to do, if you're in standing position, you're going to be in the neutral standing position with the feet about as wide as your hips, tail bone tucked under, and nice and strong."
"Spine is straight, chin's tucked, and you're looking straight ahead."
"Arms are right down by your sides, relaxed but strong."
So just imagine that you have roots coming out of your feet going right into the earth.
"It's really, really important to feel centered and feel grounded and feel at one with the earth."
"If you're in seated position, you can still be grounded, you can do the same thing, but just imagine that you're grounding not only through your feet, but up through your tail bone and right into your lower spine."
"One of the most important things about Chi Gong is to realize the elements of the earth and of nature, along with all the elements of your body and all the systems."
"After we have hit the roots on our 4 sections, we are going to let that sit for another 20 minutes."
Now about the last 5-10 minutes of your application what you are going to want to do is you are going to be breaking the color line.
So you are going to be kind of blending it.
"So what you can do is go through sections, maybe about a inch instead of a quarter inch take bigger sections."
"Gently comb it through, all the way through your ends."
Another one inch section taking it from the root and gently just pulling it through and combing it through your ends.
You want to remember not to irritate the scalp so just gently graze the scalp as you are bring the comb through your ends.
Set it aside.
"1 inch section, comb it through, and set it aside."
You are going to go through all 4 sections doing this combing through and we would go on to our next section.
My name is Jared Todd.
"I'm going to talk a little bit about cleaning off the scale after it's been heat treated and tempered, getting rid of this ugly surface scale, getting it cleaned up and ready to have a handle."
"It's going to be a weak spot and as you use it, that spot is always going to get dull and be softer than the other."
So it's worth it to take your time and go slow.
"Sometimes it can be, sometimes it will pit a little bit, so that you have to remove some material to get it off."
"It's good to just attack it a little bit with a thirty-six grit belt, get most of it off and then finish up with a four hundred and then go to a six hundred."
So that's what I'll do now.
"As you can see now, we've started to remove some of the scale from the edge bevel."
"This edge bevel hasn't been taken up all the way yet, but I can remove it as long as you watch the temperature and make sure that you don't get it over two hundred and something degrees."
Once you start getting in the three hundred range you start basically tempering the knife.
You start taking out the hardness.
So just take it slow.
So we'll go ahead and grind a little bit on here.
"It will grind differently, now that it's hardened, than it did when it was soft."
I will feel a little bit more slippery on the belt.
It will feel like it wants to slide around.
Just make sure that you brace yourself and take it slow.
"I'll show you how to take it off, things to look for, things to be aware of."
"Now that this is hardened, you have to be careful with how much you grind it and how hard you push on it."
Because you will heat it up to a point where it will lose its hardness.
"Once you start getting it cleaned off and you see the shiny metal again, if you're grinding on an edge, and the steel color changes to a dark brown, up through blues and purples, it's gotten soft."
You're going to have to take it back out and you're going to have to re-heat treat it and temper it again.
"Don't think that that color is just on the surface. Even if you grind it off, that part of the knife is still going to be soft."
Handling books with care.
"How you keep your books, your newspapers and any type of literature in your home, tells the child and awful awful lot."
"Today we have a lot of CDs, DVDs, and if you show you care or how they're displayed, your child will learn."
"We can teach so much more, not by talking and preaching, but by modeling good behavior for our child."
"So please, books are a treasure and handle them and show that you care and they are your treasure."
Is it important?
"Oh, it is so so very very important."
"These books are old books that I have and I treasure them and my child or any child that would come into the house would see oh, there's mommy's or daddy's, one of their favorite books."
The way I treated the book says a lot that I care about reading.
"Where, if I had something like this laying around or certain books that I may use for classes that's all ripped up, marked, what's that telling your child?"
You don't care.
"And if you don't care, they learn not to care."
"For example, if before I go out, if I have to fix my hair or fix my jewelry or make sure my watch looks nice, that's showing the child that I care how I look."
"Somewhere in Egypt is a big river called Denial, and often times we are in denial because we don't really want to admit what we're doing."
"And that brings up, what is the definition of dating?"
"That, basically is dating."
"Sometimes, as I said, people are in denial."
"They are not really wanting to admit that, they are seeing other people, but that they're dating one person, when they're not."
"Don't be in denial to yourself, and certainly don't be in denial to others."
"Be honest, be totally up front."
"Look, I'm seeing you, and I'm dating you, and I'm not seeing someone else."
"Or, I'm seeing others, and I'm seeing you."
But you're not dating.
"By definition, the definition is, if you're dating, you're dating some One, you're not seeing many people."
"So, by definition, be it Merriam Webster, or anybody else's definition, it means being with a single person."
"This is Dr. Paul, author of ""Boomer Girls, a Boomer woman's guide to men and dating"", and host of Ask Dr. Paul."
"Whether you're male or female, that's what dating is defined as."
I'm dating this person.
"This is Dr. Paul, may your fantasies of today, be your realities of tomorrow."
What is the definition of dating?
"It's very simple, you're dating someone who is in your life."
"If you're dating in general terms, than you're quote, unquote, dating."
You have a number of people that you're seeing.
"By definition, dating means you're dating and seeing one person."
"Seeing people means that you're going with people to different places, and with different people."
"But dating, by definition, means that you're with one person, that you're seeing on a regular basis."
"Some of the common mistakes you may experience while learning how to ollie higher, and learning how to ollie up onto different heights, is probably going to have to do with the coordination that's needed with the pop and the jump."
"What's you're going to find is a lot of times, you're going to hang up on your way up."
"This is very common mistake, so basically what happens is, when you ollie up, as you're headed upward, your back truck, especially this part of your truck, right here, is going to hook up, on the top of the surface, and hang, and cause you to get thrown forward."
"So what you want to do is, you want to make sure that you can ollie high enough to get onto whatever you're getting onto."
"And after that, it's just going to be trial and error."
"So, the most common mistake is getting hooked up."
"The other common mistake, maybe, is just ollieing up too high, and coming down all wrong, and not being able to control your board."
"This is just one of the common mistakes that happens when you're trying something new, or you're rolling a little too fast."
"So, what you want to do is, take it slowly at your own pace, and figure these things out as you go along."
"And, also remember, that now that you're ollieing up something higher, you're going to have to adjust your foot placement, so, further back, more foot on the tip of the tail, and much more jumping, and figuring out how to coordinate all this stuff together, and that's going to help you ollie higher."
Let's learn how to do a forward and back hip slide with our shimmy.
So we're going to be layering this on top.
This is how you're going to layer it.
You're going to forward and back and forward and back.
Forward and back.
Be sure to keep your chest lifted.
Keep your chin nice and raised.
Keep your shoulders relaxed.
Forward and back.
"Forward and back and of course, depending on your music and the tempo, this is something you could do a little faster too."
So it's how you want to accent your music and make your shimmy look really special doing your forward and back sliding shimmy.
"So we're going to have our feet slightly apart and first of all, my name is Karen and this is Johanna and we're with Hip Expressions Belly Dance Studio in St. Petersburg, Florida."
I'm going to turn to the side here because you're going to want to see how I move forward and back with this.
My hips are going to stay horizontal.
Feet are slightly apart.
Knees are bent.
Belly button pulled in and we're going to be sliding the hips forward and back.
So we're going to be pushing them slightly forward and pulling this in and back.
Now let's get our shimmy going now that you know how to do a nice strong shimmy.
In this clip we're going to talk about what Bill my mechanic is doing.
"He's changing torsion arms, because last night we had a bar go bad."
But now he's on my left side.
"Anyways, actually I couldn't do this without them."
There is no way I could be here by myself.
"You know, I have so many people supporting me."
"You know, Ginns Racing, you know they bring the car here, they keep it at their house and their shop and Bill works on it and they work really really hard."
And they're great people to be around.
"Bars get twisted one way, and you can only drive them one way so they twist with the track, with the way the car is twisting."
"And if you put them in backwards, it ruins the bar, and the bar goes bad and you kind of just, you know, it just gets saggy."
So he's just changing it up to make sure that it's all going to run good today.
"You know, you put the torsion bars on to get an angle on the axle."
"In the last session it just wouldn't stick to the track and that's you know, one of the reasons that we are changing this, is because a bar went bad, it just you know made the whole set up just kind of went bad with the bar."
Bill is very important to me.
"He's my right hand man, right?"
Oh yeah.
Hello!
Today we're going to be talking about stamp assembly.
"I like to again, match them with the block that it's going to go with."
That way you have an idea of where you're going to go with each stamp.
The thing you want to remember when you're trimming your stamps is on small stamps you don't want trim more of a 1/4 inch to 1/2 inch or your stamp will kind of lose its integrity.
It won't be able to balance good on the wood block.
The first thing you'll need is a good pair of rubber and craft scissors.
What you'll do is you'll choose the stamp that you want to start with.
"I'm going to start with this big one here, and you'll get ready to cut."
There's 3 types of stamps.
"There's clear acrylic stamps, there's foam stamps, and there's wood block rubber stamps."
The one I'm going to demonstrate for you today is the wooden block rubber stamps.
"When you first get your stamps, what you want to do is go ahead and pull out all your blocks and your stamps."
"Sometimes they'll come with a label, so go ahead and pull those out."
I like to set my blocks out by size.
That way I know how I'm going to match them up with my stamps.
The next thing you're going to do is just take apart the stamps if they come already cut this far.
"Next, we want to talk about buying the coconut."
Here we have a case of coconuts.
"Now these coconuts, if you buy them individually, at a health food store could sell for probably three to six dollars apiece; which is very expensive."
In every large town there are international world markets and you can buy these coconuts by the case.
Almost anywhere that I've talked to people in the country these cases are for sale.
This case here goes for eleven dollars and there are nine of these coconuts in there.
So instead of buying them individually go find your international market; buy it by the case; put it in your refrigerator and store them because they last a long time.
"If for some reason your coconut would get some mold or some green stuff in there just pull it out of the wrapper, cut that part off and re-wrap it; it's ready to go."
"Hi, I'm Jennifer Cail."
You can use as much as you want; it does take a little bit of elbow grease getting in there.
But you can see how well it's coming up and you also don't have like chemicals smell when you using this.
If you're pregnant you don't have to worry about any of the fumes so we're just going to keep applying more and more baking soda until it all comes up.
"Now that we've gotten all of our easy dirt and grease up, it's time to go in for the stubborn stains using some baking soda."
"For using the baking soda, all you want to do is make a little bit of a paste so we're going to sprinkle some baking soda, it's fine, it's in lumps."
We're going to wet our sponge just a little bit and then we're going to gently pat up some you can see it's on the sponge and we're going to start scrubbing.
"You can see it's taking this off really really well, you're just going to get some more a wonderful thing about baking soda."
It's incredibly cheap.
this will be the cheapest cleaning supply that you can probably find.
"It's also completely environmentally friendly you don't have to worry about any toxics smells, you don't have to worry about your children getting into it."
Thank goodness you use it in baked goods all the time so you can see how that's really coming up quiet nicely.
As I said earlier if you have certain types of pages you are going to have to treat them separately.
The most important of course is the clay coated shinny pages for books.
"So you want to go through putting wax paper between every single page, now because they are clay coated these pages are going to be a lot stronger than regular book pages so you don't have to worry about them being quite as fragile while they are wet."
"Once again, this is for the partially wet books."
You might need professional help if your book is completely saturated and it's the clay coated shinny pages.
"Usually this is in glossy books, picture books, if you have an art book chances are it is going to have, be clay coated."
If this is the case it is very important for you to put wax paper in between every single page.
If the pages are allowed to dry while they are touching they will fuse together into one mass.
"So you just take regular wax paper and you are going to put it in between pages, you want to make sure that it is flat."
Now one of the problems that you are going to have once you put all of the paper in between the pages is that it is going to distort the book.
Unfortunately this can not be avoided.
Your choices are either having a distorted book with dry pages or a book in which you can't separate any of the pages because they have all dried together.
"Of course if you want to use your book ever again, your best option is to have slightly distorted pages in order for you to be able to read them."
DR. SUSAN JEWELL: Hello.
Chamomile is good also.
"This is a tablet form but most of the time, when you have a high temperature and it's associated with vomiting, you probably won't like to swallow tablets, so it's better to buy in these formulations, in tea bags or in food additives."
Or you could use it to rub on to the body for like aromatherapy treatment.
"But as I mentioned earlier, it's good to also, to prevent fevers and high temperatures from fevers, is to do prevention, and that is also to have your daily recommended dose of vitamins and minerals."
"Vitamin C to prevent colds, and here, the B complex, this is too, so, a multivitamin."
"So, these are some ways that you can actually help to reduce, and prevent, and reduce the symptoms of fever."
"Now in this clip, we're going to talk about alternative way versus the conventional way of treating fevers but brief--and that's the herbal, herbal remedies."
"There are a lot of herbal remedies, herbs out there that are readily available in your health food stores and drug stores that have properties to reduce the fever or anti--they have antipyretic properties, so you can take those but before you ever take any kind of herbal remedies, you should always consult with your medical doctor and get his or her advice first before you start on any of this kind of herbal therapy."
"Now here I have some samples of some forms of herbs, and also I have vitamins 'cause vitamins are also good to take to prevent fevers, to prevent illnesses."
"But some of the herbs I've known, for example, you can get herbs that are already incorporated into drinks like in the tea bags, here I have chamomile tea, and even if you have fevers and you cannot ingest food or solids, then tea is actually a good way to replenish your fluid intake to prevent dehydration."
"So here's chamomile tea that's readily available, and here is a Japanese tea, herbal tea that you can also buy, green tea."
"Green tea is good, if you can, because it has a lot of anti-oxidants in it as well."
"So, that would also help you during the time to prevent fevers, and also to treat the symptoms of fever and to prevent dehydration while you're going through a bout of high fever, high temperature from the vomiting and the diarrhea."
"So, here you have chamomile."
This episode we're going to be talking about sliding and diving.
Another type of slide is a two knee slide that you see a lot more in paintball events.
"And that is you come at a full run, and you basically break down on both knees, slide on both knees to the behind cover."
"The advantage to this is, with a two knee slide, you can actually come up shooting, and in fact you can actually get into your slide and start shooting while you're sliding."
It's an advantage.
It's something that you can use on the field.
Which slide do you use?
Do you use a baseball knee slide?
Do you use a two knee slide?
"It depends on what you're doing, what bunker you're getting into, and how fast you need to get from one place to another."
Sliding and diving is very important because it is the fastest way that you can come from a full run to a full stop.
And also it's the best way that you can get behind some of the lower cover.
There's two basic kinds of slides.
"You have the knee slide, and you have the headfirst slide."
We're going to talk about the knee slide this time.
"Knee sliding is very much like in baseball, in that when you go into your cover, you're going to go in low, you're going to keep one knee bent, the other leg is going to be straight, and you're just going to come to a complete stop on the bent knee."
Sometimes you can also come to a complete stop on your hip as well--it's kind of a little bit of a preference thing.
It also depends on how low to the ground you need to be.
"Okay, before we made a sling using the double fisherman's knot."
This is a sling that I use.
You just keep going around till you get to the end.
"It is kind of a longer sling, but I use this for a backing up belay device such as like an ATC, or Traffic Control, or a figure eight."
I will show you how to use that later.
"But anyway, first thing you need to know about your sling is a way to carry it around that is useful."
A lot of guys will throw it over like so.
This kind of bothers me just because it is just something that could get stuck.
What I actually like to do is start at the bottom and kind of fold it in half.
I am going to leave enough room because we are going to wrap the other end around this.
And you just start wrapping like so.
In this clip I want to talk to you about freestyle motocross.
Freestyle motocross really kind of putting itself on the map.
Now you've got guys like Travis Pastrana doing double backflips and variations into their flips and a lot of really cool stuff coming from motocross.
There's kind of a different way to set up your bike for freestyling.
"This bike, or my bike, is primarily motocross, but a lot of guys they cut down their seats."
"You know make their seat foams really thin because they're not, you know they're not needing to do the moto."
"They're not needing that cush in that seat to go faster on those corners and they've got a lot of big, say hand holds back here and their suspension might tend to be really stiff because you know they're on average jumping about 100 foot plus jumps."
"So you're really going to want to, you know, absorb those landings and their bikes are completely set up for that."
Maybe a little taller bars.
No cross pads because they're doing a lot of in and out or putting their feet up here all the time.
You don't want to be getting hung up on anything like that.
"You know it used to be just kind of be a lot of free riding out in the hills, maybe out in California, Beaumont, Artille Wells, a lot of places like that."
Guys just hitting dirt jumps.
"Now these days it's come into the stadiums, into the X-Games, the Gravity Games, the Mountain Dew Tour."
It's the entire series.
So as well as the motocross and the supercross series they also have freestyle actual series.
You can catch them on TV all the time.
"I'd say Nate Adams, Travis Pastrana and Kenny Bartram, these guys, you know, they've all just been instrumental in the motocross scene."
"Back in 1999 when Carey Hart flew his first backflip in New York at the Gravity Games, that was just a huge moment for motocross."
"So, you're at the restaurant and you want to impress your lady."
"So, I'm Robert Segundo and I'm going to teach you how to make a paper rose."
"Basically, we're just going to take this and roll this up like so."
Kind of keep this open end here we'll see with your fingers.
Just going to come down here below it.
Just going to twist it up just a little bit.
"Now, this flap here we're going to kind of hold it out as well while we twist the rest of it up."
This is great when you're out and you bought your lady that happy meal and you really want to impress her with a little flower afterwards.
"So, just kind of twist it up real good."
Make sure to keep your top real good and you can kind of open this up and shape it out.
We need to twist it just a little bit tighter here.
"Al least, I need to."
"If we look down here, we can see I've just a regular napkin."
Make sure it's real good and tight.
There you go.
Alright.
"And, there it is."
"There's your paper flower, sure to impress."
"And, she's going to be very happy and willing tonight."
My name is Robert Segundo and this is your paper flower.
"What I'm going to do, is I'm going to take it."
I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to unfold it.
Open it all the way.
"Now, this one is kind of an odd shape."
"So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to kind of fold down a little bit here at the top."
This is going to be for the petals at the top.
"And, what I like to do is fold it back up like so."
I totally feel this mask tingling.
"It smells good, it feels good, this is a winner."
This is when I actually do use a wash cloth to take off.
Immerse it.
"And, again, you can use either cold water, some people like to use cold water in the morning because it gives them kind of a pick me up."
I like to do my mask in the evening time so I like warm water.
"Never hot water, but warm water because it kind of gives me that comforting feel."
"But, it's up to you to what you like."
I really believe J Lo knows exactly what she's talking about.
This is a winner.
"Now, let's talk about taking masks off."
"What you want to do, you'll want to be extremely careful when you're taking a mask off."
"Whether it's like this, or it comes off with water, or a peel off one."
"My best friend loves peel off ones, she's like peeling stuff off all day, I don't know, she loves that."
But whatever you're doing you want to be careful when you're taking off the mask because you don't want to irritate your skin.
"Where, normally, I would take my hands and just rinse."
In this segment we're going to talk about how to move your arms while doing the roger rabbit.
"Now you're going to have arms by your chest and you're going to go backwards with them so your going to push back to make both of your shoulder blades touching each other, you can do it from your chest or you can go lower by your waist, and push in and out but backwards."
"So your shoulder blades touch and let me say that again, you're going to have your arms towards your chest pushing backwards so your shoulder blades touch, now you can do these two ways which ever is comfortable for you."
Either by your chest or a lower by your waist and make sure your shoulder blades touch back.
"Value can also help you provide focus and again in something like this that's set up as, you know, we can accept it as a realistic, basic setting."
We understand that this is an indoor room because we have this back here and we can see a landscape out the back.
"So, we can't know what this really looked like."
"But, you can see that he used a limited pallet of colors, we've got red and blue for sure."
"We've got some sort of green, blue over here."
"And, there's a little bit of yellow, and the rest of it is sort of neutral."
"But, again the most, the strongest contrasting color is, again on the central figure where Jesus is and not only that, but there's a diagonal there which also kind of strengthens that."
"So, again we are, that idea that he's important is reinforced, even if we're not really aware that, that is, that we're being controlled that way."
"So, that's very handy and it gives us a sense of indoor and outdoor space."
"What that also does though, is that look, the light of the sky is, that's the lightest thing in the room, just about."
"In this whole picture, this is very white and look, it is surrounding the head of Jesus, the hero of the story."
"So, the value is the fact that this is dark, this is light, and then Jesus has dark hair, creates the value contrast, that's going to create the most focus that's literally going to draw your eye there, because your eye always sees the focus first."
"Even again, if you're not aware of it, your eye is doing its work and what the eye does first, it goes for the place of most contrast."
"And, what did he do? He made sure that the place of most contrast was around Jesus. He also managed to do this, to some degree with color, and again, this is much harder to tell because Leonardo used paint experimental way of putting paint on as a fresco technique, that did not work and started falling off as soon as he finished it."
If a honey bee stings you.
You will notice that the bee leaves a little white stinger behind in your skin and then leaves and that stinger is what has the venom.
That is what makes the sting hurt and some people have a reaction to that as well.
When you see the little stinger you don't pinch it out because what you doing then is your squeezing more of the venom into your skin and it will hurt longer.
You simply scratch it out with your finger nail and you would get less venom that way.
If your allergic to bee stings you could use an epinephrine injector or something like that if your like most people not really allergic to bee stings a you get a bee sting people say well how do you treat that I have heard all kind of things.
"You know you put different a ice pack or you put a piece of cucumber or whatever all kind of things you hear about to do that and what it really means to me is anything that you can keep yourself buzzy doing while the, its hurting by the time you get that applied its going to stop hurting anyway."
So I don't worry to much about any of the treatment of the bee sting.
"Alright, so let us start off looking over some of the materials that we will use for these basic dings, you know."
"Obviously, it is a step process."
That is what sand paper is for.
"You got one twenty, two twenty."
"The prepping usually starts with the fifty grit, which is a much more coarse sand paper."
"You can find that at any, you know, home improvement store or Home Depot."
"I mean, all of that stuff."
"The second, you obviously you need fiberglass and resin."
That is over here.
Gloves.
You definitely want to use gloves when it comes to using these materials.
"What we have is, this is lamination resin."
What you want to do first is you want to prep and fill the ding.
You could get that at any kind of plastic store.
Surf shops actually carry most of this ding repair stuff nowadays.
"After the lam resin, there is hot coat resin."
"Which is surfacing agent resin, which is sanding resin."
"And, all that that is is laminating resin with a surfacing agent in it that you add."
"But, obviously you could buy it as a hot coat."
"Brushes to apply the resin, you know."
We got squeegees to squeegee out the resin after you saturate it.
"And then, obviously you need acetone to clean your tools and yourself."
"We've got fiberglass, which is obviously really important."
"And, for that what we will use is just any kind of normal, you know, mat knife that you could get from Home Depot."
This is a four ounce fiber glass.
"And, what you do is, you know, you use the resin to apply the fiberglass and get it to bond to the surf board."
"And then, this is what is called Q Cell, or micro balloons."
"And, what it is it is just a finely chopped fiber glass."
"And it, what I call it is a surf board bondo, you know what I mean."
"Any straight edge, you know, even a razor blade will work in some of these instances."
You definitely want sand paper.
"Golden rule about surfboard repair, resin will not bond to anything that is not prepped which means it has to be coarse and sanded."
"So, if you think you can just pour the resin in the hole and it will bond, it will not."
At least sand it first.
Resin will bond to it.
These little punches are great when you're doing paper cutting designs.
I'm going to use these little symbols to decorate my flags and add a little burst of color; we'll do a little bit of yellow for each one.
"Nice, and even and smooth; and your design is finished."
"And we have a beautiful, colorful traditional style puppet theater."
And I'll just put a little bit of punched symbol in each of our flags.
"You just put the glue, a little more glue and place you're punched out design there."
"So all our little symbols also add to the theater feel of our, our place with butterflies and a cupid for love; and flowers for beauty."
"We have the moon here, and you need some horses for the knights; and a little teddy bear, a star and a heart."
"And to finish off our design I, I've cut out some letters; I've cut out the word puppet's just free hand."
I'm going to start with any lettering you want to start on the middle letter to make sure you have an even placement.
"And I've cut the letters free hand, so there just a little fun and jumbled looking."
"And instead of cutting out the dots of the letters I used a star in the middle, o.k... And when you're finished laying out all your letters and your little punch shapes, you want to make sure you glaze over the design with decoupage glue."
Welcome back.
"We're here to tell you today, what you should wear, and other items that you need to have, when you work out on the elliptical trainer."
"That's what you need to do today, is you need to really let this go, and let it sweat."
Sweat it out.
"This is what it's about, working your heart, and so having a towel, is a must."
"You'll need that to feel good, and to keep the gym clean, of course too, but you also will need water."
"You're going to replenish that sweat, so you have to drink, and you'll be able to really feel the recovery then, when you have the water, and you hydrate yourself, so that's why it's most important to go ahead, and have these items, for that safety reasons."
"The other thing that you really need to have, I think is so important, is a proper type of music."
"Some gyms play their own music, which can work very nicely for yourself, if you like that type of music, but you can personalize it by just bringing your own headphones, and having the only type of music that you like, and the rhythms, and the things that you like to listen to, which will help you to move more freely, and enjoy your experience on the elliptical trainer, so thank you, and we'll be right back."
"The first thing that you really need to have, is something that's loose, comfortable fitting. Nothing that's binding. You don't want your knees to get caught."
You want to feel very comfortable in what you're wearing.
Comfortable shoes is a must.
"Something that you can tie, and that wouldn't slip off very easily."
"Something to have a little room, just as if you're running, and when you're working on the cardio machine, your feet can swell slightly, so it's best to have very comfortable fitting shoes, is a very important thing, because the grips on the shoes, would be on the pedals and you want to feel safe, and be able to really feel free to move on the machine, so if you have very good, comfortable shoes, it's really important."
"You'll also need a towel, because you're going to sweat."
Let's talk now about how to change the hook on a lure.
"Most of your lures, especially ice fishing jigs, have a metal ring at the end of them and that's how the hook goes on."
"The treble hook, as you can see, is going to be pushing the single hook that I want to take off, and I'm just going to continue that until the single hook comes off and now I've got my treble on my lure."
"Lures always come with a hook, but sometimes it's not the hook you want."
"For example, some, most come with a treble hook, but in some states using a treble hook with bait while ice fishing is illegal, so with those you'd always want to change them out."
"In other states there aren't regulations like that, but you might still want to change them for other reasons."
So I've got a single hook on this lure right now.
What I'm going to do is I'm going to change it to a treble hook.
"I'm just going to put my nail, my thumbnail into that ring, bend it apart and now I'm going to start the hook that I want to take off backwards."
So that's going there.
While I do that I'm going to insert the treble hook at the same time and then simply just wind everything back to me.
Another way to emphasize what addition really means is to reverse it.
You tell your child a story that has an addition problem in it and then they have to figure out what the problem is and then solve it.
"You had 4 lollipops and they can draw the lollipops if they need to but this time they might not need to, plus 3 equals how many?"
"Now, if they have to draw dots or even in this case you could draw lollipops, that's fine."
"1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7."
They count with their pencil point and then they write the answer and you say good job.
Then tell them another number story.
"I had 8 teddy bears and somebody gave me 2 more, how many teddy bears did I have at the end of the day?"
And they write it in.
"Drawing teddy bears would be tedious, tell them to make a circle for each teddy bear or a dot."
And there you have another very simple worksheet that you can do again and again to emphasize and build their skill of learning addition.
"So I could say, you had 3 friends over today, those 3 friends plus yourself make how many children all together?"
"Now write that down in a problem and I would start out, when you make a worksheet like this give them a box plus another box equals the answer."
"And you can make the answer a box, I make a line just to show it's a different type of number."
"For that last story you plus 3 friends, it would be 3 + 1 = 4."
"You can, of course the stories are unlimited."
"You can say you have 4 lollipops and your friend gave you 3 more, so how many did you have all together?"
"Before you answer that, write the problem in here."
"So how many, remember this is the first number you started out with."
"Now I want to show you how to portray the intended dynamic that you have for the piece, using the preparation beat."
"So using the preparation beat if a piece starts loud, we're going to give it a big upbeat."
It's a small upbeat.
"One, two, three, four."
"One, two, three, four."
"Let's try that, sometimes it helps to raise your plane up."
"One, two, three, four."
"If you noticed, my movements are smaller too."
"One, two, three, four."
"If it starts softer, piano, we're going to give it a smaller upbeat."
"Sometimes we want to bring our plane higher too, if it's soft."
"So lets do a forte, a loud entrance."
"One, two, three, four."
It's a big grand upbeat.
Let's try that again.
"One, two, three, four."
"Now let's do a piano entrance, a soft entrance."
"In this clip, we'll actually be ear candling."
"So, you've got your tray and you've got your candle, and you need some flames."
And if any ashes end up falling they'll land right into the tray.
The candles themselves don't have much wax.
"They're gauze, like I mentioned, sort of dipped in wax and then made in this hollow shape, so there's no wax from the candle dripping down on you."
The suction that the fire creates through the candle is drawing the wax out of your ear.
"It's good to do this once, maybe twice a year."
"And at the season change is the best time, especially from winter to spring."
"Now once the candle has burned down to the point of a couple of inches from your tray, and you can use your handy mirror; looks like I'm there."
This is where your bowl of water comes in handy.
"You simply remove the candle from your ear, being careful, and remove it from the tray, and then drop the end in the water."
"And if you're a curious fellow, you could cut the end of the candle and take a look at what came out of your ear."
You light the end of your candle.
And you see that the candle actually is hollow.
"What this creates, it creates a full seal, like a draw from the flame through the hollow tube of the candle."
"And it creates a suctioning effect from the end of the candle, which you will insert into your ear, gently but firmly creating a seal."
"Now, if smoke starts to appear down here, I know I don't have a good seal."
"And, so, if you're alone, hopefully, you have a friend, but if you're alone, have your mirror handy so you can watch and see what's going on."
You want the candle to be as vertical as possible.
"And you'll notice the tray is here, the tin foil tray, to protect my head."
The position we want to talk about last is the goal keeper.
Not because they're the least important but because they're very important.
A goal keeper is the one person who is allowed to use their hands.
"They own the 18 that we talked about, anywhere inside that 18 on the defensive end of the field, the goal keeper is allowed to get that ball."
"You have to make sure that you control the ball, it's a person that has to dive and make saves and has to probably get a little dirtier than everybody else as well."
"Making sure that you're making sure that that ball never gets into the back of that net, that is your job."
"Your job is awesome because you can see the field, you kind of need to be the field general, telling your defense where to be, seeing the different players and where they need to put the ball, making sure you move your players into right position."
"When you get the ball and you receive the ball and control it, you're able to throw the ball out to your offensive and defensive players, you're also able to punt the ball out to other people making sure that you are keeping the ball in control and controlling the game back there as you're a goal keeper."
So we are ready to add the beef as we can see the beef keeps cooking in the bowl and that is why we leave it at medium rare at the first place.
Be sure the juice coming out from the beef we want to get them inside the wok because we want to keep the vegetables dry and not from the oil and the grease is off the beef.
then we can start stir frying them again you know the beef should be cooked relatively quickly so don't hesitate.
As you cans see the dish right now is almost down it is about time to add the sauce to thicken the dish.
"If your shoes, your leather shoes happen to be fitting a little bit tighter you can use a shoe stretcher."
You put it in the inside of your shoe and your spray it in the inside of your shoe where it is fitting tight.
As soon as you put it on make sure to wear them for a very long time to where your feet would mold into them.
Pretty much it would stretch out when you wear it when you put this on there.
These are leather protectors.
You use these right as soon as you get your shoes home.
"You want to spray this on so that it will help your shoes from getting water stains, dust, dirt or some kind of grease stains on your fabric."
"It is good for leather, new shoes and fabric shoes."
You just spray all throughout the whole shoe top to bottom and it will repeal water stains and other stains that you may get.
Here are three procedures to have a dust rag ready at all times.
First of all.
Just spray the inside of the bag.
Put your rag inside.
Close it and it's ready at all times with the oil ready to pickup the dust.
"Believe it or not, dryer sheets, fragranced at that."
You have them.
You can dust and you can smell the fragrant and they pick up the dust.
Take a clean jar.
Spray it with your favorite dusting oil.
Put a clean lint free rag inside of the jar.
Close it.
Leave it overnight.
The rag will absorb the oils and you will have a dusting rag ready at all times.
"Plus, it's safe because it's keeping the oils enclosed inside the jar."
You can do the same thing with a plastic bag.
Here's another fish attracting technique.
It's called chumming a hole.
To spend a little bit of money on that to catch some fish is going to be well worth it.
"Not something you always think about while fishing, but it can be a highly effective technique."
Now always make sure to check the fishing regulations with your State's Fish and Wildlife Agency to make sure that this is legal before doing it.
"Essentially, all you're doing is putting bait down a hole to attract fish."
"The scent, the smell, the taste of this bait is going to bring these fish in."
"So you can do anything from chopping up shiners, and putting pieces down a hole; that's really a good technique for lake trout, to taking maggots putting them down a hole."
"And again, you know, put down six, seven, eight, a half dozen, a dozen; see what happens."
See if you can get those fish to come in.
"You can also do the same thing; you can cut up night crawlers into very small pieces; again, put those down the hole."
"Now, I am going to show you how a terracotta sculpture is made, a small piece, but I will show you."
"We can make it into a human being by putting it a nice head, or have just a suggestive shape which will give it some kind of identity."
"This is before fire, when in the fire is sand, rust, and brick, so if we keep it in the solo shape the heat is distributed much better, so that the heat doesn't affect."
"Well, this is very interesting, we are doing things, so I hope you have enjoyed this."
Thank you.
"You take the dough and you bat it, bat it flat with anything, with a brush or a handle or whatever, and then you roll the clay and cut out the edges."
"You take a knife and cut the edges, cut the edges, so that you get a nice long six inch scale or eight inch scale depending on what."
"Then you bend it like this, so you've seen that we have made two bands together and we have shaped a cylindrical shape like this."
"Now, we are going to repeat this process and as we go further we keep repeating this process and putting the second glort, similar band that we have made; and we are going to put it on the first band by scratching the surface of the edge off the first one, little bit of water with a brush, and then we put the second band."
"Now we keep repeating this process of making these bands, and fitting it on top of one another, until it goes up and up and up; until we have come to a point where we feel that the basic foundation for what we are trying to make is complete."
"You will notice which is turning out to be hollow, it is a hollow cylindrical shape."
For terracotta sculptures it has to be hollow.
"You know, it's almost like an abstract shape as you see it, but later on you can turn it into a completely abstract shape, keep it as an abstract sculpture, or we can place any kind of recognizable object."
How do I use boric acid to kill fleas?
"Boric acid is generally sold at hardware stores, usually it will be labeled as a flea killer."
Now the boric acid is relatively harmless.
"No one I've ever heard of ever having any problems with it, hurting their animals or anything, but as always be careful when using anything like this."
You never know what the effects it might have.
"And there you have it, as simple as that."
We have used boric acid to treat our carpet for fleas.
"It will come in like a shaker kind of container, much like this or really any other flea powder."
"You also achieve the same thing that boric acid does by mixing borax, four parts of borax to one part salt, using it in the same way you would use boric acid."
"And boric acid essentially your just going to take in this little shaker, and this is used on carpeting, and you'll take and you'll just sprinkle it over carpeting o.k."
And you'll kind of mash that in.
"You want it to get as deep in to the carpet as possible, o.k."
And then you're going to let it sit for a day.
"And what that does is that'll dessicate any adult fleas and eggs and stopping them from growing or killing adults, stopping them from laying eggs any further."
"After that day is up, you're going to have to vacuum the boric acid back up."
There's no question it takes four legs to make a usable horse.
"So, we're going to look at the front legs and learn some of those parts, because that's what in any kind of horse work, you're going to need to know how to talk and converse with your veterinarian in a professional way, as horses do become lame and it's important to understand those parts."
"This is the unnecessary part that has, through evolution, come up and created this bony or horny kind of spot."
A lot of people don't understand that this is just a piece of that bone tissue that was like the hoof.
"Then, we have down here, another part similar."
"This horse doesn't have much of it, but there's a small part that you may feel when you palpate around the horse's leg."
And that's called an ergot.
The ergot is similar to the chestnut.
It's just a piece of hoof tissue that can be peeled away and kept in a neat and tidy appearance when we clip these horses for show.
"We have a forearm, just like we would have on our bodies."
We consider this part of the horse to be the knee.
As well as then we have the cannon bone.
The cannon bone is a strong structural part that is supported by tendons and ligaments.
And that leads down into the pastern.
"The pastern has a fetlock joint, this joint here, and the portion between the fetlock and the coronary band where the hoof grows from."
We want to know that this is called a chestnut.
"And that's actually a part of the evolution of the horse's front leg, at a time when the horse was a two-toed animal."
O'kay so that application is out and now you're thinking classes.
Where do I take classes?
"When you're thinking about a great school, call, you've seen that guy whatever his name is or gal and she's all over the signs like me, Shelly Davis, you know everywhere you turn you see Shelly Davis' team, Shelly Davis, pick up the phone and call Shelly Davis and say where did you go to school, what worked for you?"
There is always going to be a real estate school that has a stellar reputation amongst the realtors and there's a reason why.
There is a barrage of places that you can take real estate classes.
"You can take them on line, you can take them at your local community college, or you can take them at a local real estate school."
You might live in a small town and you're thinking real estate school?
Where's the closest one?
Well it might be 45 minutes away.
Well let me tell you now and this is based on my experience.
There is thousands of realtors in the world.
They all have their own experience and I feel that I'm one of the best out there though because of my research in finding a good school and that kind of thing so let me tell you how to do it.
Now previously we talked about finding the release point.
"As we stated, the release point is essentially the point where the ball comes out of his hand."
You get to see what kind of pitch is coming.
"Other then what kind of pitch is coming, what else are you looking for."
"You are looking for is it up, is it down, is it inside, is it outside, all these different things."
"Is it way in the dirt, there is no need to swing, is it a ball, is it a strike."
You know is the umpire giving him that much room.
These are all things you can see just from following the ball.
"Yes, you need to make a split second decision but that split second decision becomes a lot easier if you are watching the ball come at you instead of saying here ok, you are looking at home plate, thinking about something else."
"Be looking down at the pitcher, follow the ball all the way in."
"So from his release point which is here, out of his hand, you want to follow it, track it, track it, track it, all the way through contact."
And that's staying on the ball.
"Whether it's here, it's here, it's here, it's somewhere in this vicinity."
"Now once it leaves his hand, you need to keep your eyes on the ball."
"This is why in our stance we have a level head, we have both eyes pointed down at the pitcher, makes it much easier to pick up."
Why do you want to follow the ball out of his hand?
A) if you don't see the ball you can't hit the ball.
"I can sit here all day with him throwing balls at me, if my eyes closed I'm not going to hit a single one."
"But if I can see the ball, I have a much better chance of making contact."
What is the other thing that you get to see?
And today were going to plant the parsley seed and I would like to take a brief time to talk about the kind of seed that you might be purchasing here were today were planting the Italian flat leaf parsley which has the flat leafs on it and there is also a curly leaf parsley which is very curly and I personally prefer the curly leaf.
It grows in nice close bunches.
But the flat leaf is also good to.
"You want to make sure that you order these seed early in the year January of February you can go the Internet and look up great organic catalog companies and chose the kind of seed you want to have and the interesting thing about parsley is that is very, very good for you."
It is probably one of the highest plants next to asparagus that creates an alkalizing effect in your body and that is based on your PH its very similar to people that want to make sure that they want make sure to a proper Ph in their pools.
We also want to make sure that the proper PH is in our system.
What is an essential oil and what's the difference between an essential oil and a perfume.
"So we have some essential oils here, these are plant derivatives."
And basically you can get them in various processes.
Some people will get what's called a distiller and they take the raw plant material and they put it into the distiller with some water and it squishes out the plant essentials.
"The other thing we have here is we have perfumes, and perfumes are actually kind of similar."
Basically they are a mixture of essential oils that have alcohol or some other kinds of preservatives added to them.
"And perfumes can also be made synthetically, so this could actually be you know a perfume could actually be something that is entirely man made."
It doesn't actually have to come from a plant.
"But essential oils, which are these are actually, basically something they squish out of the plant."
"And when you use these, you can use them for aroma therapy."
This is Bailey and he is an eight year old quarter horse.
"If you look at his back, it's very short on top; his underline is very long underneath, that makes for a strong back and he can really get with it and run and stretch out because of how long he is underneath."
We'll go around to the back of Bailey and take a look at his back end.
"One of his other faults, he does fidget a little (laughing)."
"But if you look at his back end, I want you to notice how if you look at his hip and how it flows to his tail he has a really nice low tail set."
"And what that usually goes along with is a really long line down his buttocks, down this way, into his hock."
"I, I like a really long line to there."
Which means his hocks are going to be set very close to the ground.
"What that does is it allows him to power out of his turns, it makes it much easier for him to get down and in the ground, and to be able to push out of a turn."
"If he were to have a flatter behind up here and a tail set higher, it's more like a shelf."
Those kind of horses usually have a harder time getting down in the ground for there turns.
"He does not by any means have perfect confirmation, but he has a lot of things that I do look for in a barrel horse."
"They have a tendency to, to not be able to really gather before they start to run toward the next barrel which we'll talk about in our lessons in a few moments."
"So those are the things that Bailey has that are very, very good."
His faults we're going to overcome because one thing that Bailey has that goes with what I look for in a barrel horse is an excellent disposition.
"He is very fidgety, which a lot of barrel horses are, they have to have an, a fire to have a desire to run."
What he does have though that's very good is he's extremely focused.
When he gets in the arena he's very focused on his job and horses that are great barrel horses really love to do it.
"If you come by a horse that is, is not enjoying their job - they're not going to be very good at it."
So that's really the number one thing I look for in a barrel horse beyond confirmation is they have to have the desire to do this job.
You can tell that pretty soon after you start to work them.
"So Bailey is an excellent prospect, I have some that are better conformed, but like I said his disposition and attitude and, and his desire to do this job really fills in for some of his faults."
He is my current barrel horse that I'm currently competing on.
The biggest thing that is his detriment is when looking at this horse he has a very long head.
"However, as we'll talk about there are some conformational faults that I will overlook if the horse is a performer."
This horse is one that I raised and did not sell because of his long head and it turned out very good for me because he's been an excellent barrel horse.
"If you look at Bailey's neck, it's rather short and you'll notice that standing here his head is rather high - also a fault, but one that I can use some different equipment to kind of overcome and so you'll see that when we get to the equipment portion."
What I do with a horse that has a confirmation fault like that to kind of make up for that in a way.
"What he does have that's excellent is he has nice, nice sloping shoulder, he has very short cannon bones which is the area from the knee to the ankle, he has really a nice slope to his pastern."
"Hi, my name is Sue Conrad, and I am going to show you how to exercise in your car."
"You may think it sounds kind of silly to do exercises in your car, but we spend a lot of time in our car, and this will help reduce some of the tension and stress that we spend driving around town."
"So you're going to tense those inner thigh muscles, and you're going to release."
Another exercise you can do in your vehicle to help loosen up the shins are toe raises.
"You can bring your toes forward, hold for ten seconds, and then relax."
"Bring your toes forward raising the heels, holding for ten seconds, and then release."
And that's how you can exercise in your car!
The first exercise we're going to do is a shoulder shrug.
"You want to take your shoulders and bring them up towards your ears, you're going to hold two or three seconds, then you're going to relax."
"So basically you're tensing up your shoulders and then you're releasing, all the stress coming out of your shoulders."
"I would suggest doing this eight to ten times holding for two to three seconds, and if you feel like you want to do some more you can do another set or two."
"Another exercise you can do to keep your tush from getting numb is to tense your gluteal muscles, hold for ten seconds and then release."
"So you're going to tense, release, tense, and release."
Another exercise you can do is to help strengthen the inner thighs.
"You can either take a small pillow, a towel, or a sweatshirt, whatever you have in your vehicle, put in between your thighs and you can squeeze your inner thighs and then relax."
"Alright, we're going to continue to cut up onions until they're nice and small and then we're going to go ahead and make our sauce for the steak."
That's going to make the sauce a little bit ahead of time so we give it a chance to cool down before we spoon it over the top of our steak and mushrooms.
"Alright, those onions look pretty good so we're just going to move them off to the side."
We're going to take a small mixing bowl and we're going to go ahead and put a tablespoon of Dijon mustard.
"You can do this with country mustard, horseradish mustard, depending on how much you like spice."
We're going to rinse this off and we're going to add some horseradish.
"Now, we've got horseradish cream here."
"You can use pure horseradish or you can even go and grate horseradish, depending on how spicy you'd like it to be."
Add about a teaspoon of black pepper and half a teaspoon of salt and then we'll just mix it up together.
Now we're ready to cut.
Before we cut let me explain what I'm using here.
So again it's just basic it's no need to be afraid of the tool just to be aware of what's going on and stay focused on what you're doing.
"A lot of people at home may not have this tool and that's fine there's other hand saws and circular saws or whatever that you could by for cheaper, but because I'm working in my shop I'm going to use the quick and easy chop saw."
So what I've done is for one of my dimensions created a line so it's nice to know where you're going.
One of the things to remember when cutting with the line is there's a situation that occurs when you're cutting wood and I'll demonstrate it.
"If you notice there the saw blade, the thickness of the saw blade is cut into the wood."
"We call it a curf, it's not important what you call it really, but the thing of it is we have to remember that this dimension is being lost, this amount of wood is being lost in our cut."
So if we want like in our apron piece 16 1/8 inches to that line that means we have to make sure the blade is on the opposite of what we started our measurement.
That's kind of an important thing.
"A lot of people don't realize that until, it could be common sense I don't know, but that's kind of an important part of the process."
"So we want to make sure that we cut on the opposite along the line but on the opposite side, clear as mud."
"I'm using a chop saw, it's called the chop saw because it cuts in a chopping fashion."
"Now once you line it up I like to bring the blade down with my hand off the trigger, which is in the handle here."
Line my piece up and like I said just on the other side of the line.
Once I'm lined up I hold it in my place.
"Hold it in place, my hand safe distance from the blade."
Easy as pie!
"Now, we'll do that to the other four pieces."
"We also want to make sure that we cut our table leg down and just for repetitions so you guys remember it, we're going to do the same process again."
"Right on the line, hold it place, bring it down."
Easy as pie!
Once our pieces are cut we're ready to assemble.
The trigger is up in the handle.
The nice thing about this saw is that the guard keeps the blade covered at all times.
You also want to make sure definitely you're wearing your eye protection during this process.
You also want to make sure that when you're using it you line your piece up keeping it tight against the fence and holding it with one hand.
Now where you hold it and how you hold it you have to be very careful of as well.
"Just watch where your fingers are, you don't want to take anything off."
Make sure your hand is away from the blade as you bring it down.
Now that you've selected your tea cup I'm going to show you how to prep it so we're able to make a nice little design in here.
First of all we're going to remove the cup and this is called cling.
Next you tape the container you just use your clear florist tape and just make a little X on the container.
O.K. and that's how you prep the container.
"It's a very, very sticky tape and what this will do is secure your tea cup to the plate."
You just rip off a little piece and you can pull it out and just kind of go around the little the circle on the plate and then you take your tea cup and stick it to the plate.
"And you don't want any of it to show so, there we go."
So that's how your get this to stick.
"Next we're going to take a piece of floral foam, now the floral foam I have had soaking, it's best to let this soak overnight because you don't want it to have pockets of air in here."
So if it soaks overnight it's going to be very moist you want it to be saturated fully.
And what I'm going to do is cut a piece to fit in this container.
"So I'm just going to cut a little piece and we're going to just cut it down a little bit more, and a little bit more, just going to kind of wing it here, then you push it in to the container."
This segment would be a background in Buddhism.
Buddhism starts with the birth of Siddhartha Gautama who became the Buddha he was born in 563 B.C.
to a privilege family.
His shelter existences created the culture which he eventually left and sot refugee in the jungle for 6 years becoming sync.
Realizing that there we a middle way did not have to be so extreme and in this middle way he from this then from the rest of his life.
For over 40 years he thought other basic principles and we would talk a little bit about them in the following segments.
This next segment is a overview basic ideas of Buddhism.
Let's talk about how to get rid of cat odor.
"Cat odor comes from two sources, one urine odor and two, fecal odor."
Litter boxes are very important to keep clean.
"There are many types of litter that are on the market, some work better than others, some cats rely on better than others."
Some cats don't like certain types of litter so always experiment initially to find out what your cat prefers.
"There are also many products on the market to help with urine odors, urine staining and things like that."
"Also some cats that are long haired may retain a little bit of urine or fecal material on their fur so keeping their fur under their tail trimmed or clean, baby wipes work very well for instance, can help urine and fecal odor."
Hi!
"If you focus on the air speed, the green arc is the maneuvering speed of the airplane."
"When you get into the yellow arc, that's the caution area."
That's the point where complete deflection of the controls at high speed could damage the airplane.
"In the green arc, full deflection of controls is not supposed to damage the airplane."
"So in the yellow arc you have to be careful, in the green arc you have a normal flying mode, and when you get to the red line, that's a do not exceed speed."
"That's the point where if you exceed the red line, in this case, 100 miles an hour, then the wings may come off the airplane, which is not a good situation."
We never fly above red line; not in the airplane.
"In this clip, we're going to loosen up our knees for our martial arts workout."
So what we're going to do is simply put both hands on our knees.
"Five in one direction, five in the other and repeat that."
"Now if you feel any strain, any pressure in the knee, you must be very, very careful and get that checked out, because any kind of damage down there can get bad in a hurry."
So get that checked.
"Rotate those knees, get them warmed up, and you're ready to go."
We're going to rotate our knees in one direction.
"Again, one way and the other way."
"Now as I rotate, I'm bending my knees bringing them forward as much as I can all the way to one side, bringing them back again."
So now my knees are straight and now I bend again as I come to the other side.
Knee injuries are extremely common in many martial arts.
There's a lot of pivoting involved.
"So it's essential that we loosen up this area, warm it up, get blood flowing into that area where the knees are so we get a safer workout."
"So, from here again, hands on the knees nice and easy, rotate one way, all the way around."
"Alright, now we're going to take our large pot, turn our heat up to eight and we're going to pour out a tablespoon of oil, and also going to measure out a tablespoon of butter."
"Now we're going to move this around the bottom of the pan until it covers all the bottom, then we're going to measure out a half a cup of white rice."
"Whenever you're measuring something like this it can have a tendency to spill, so it's best to pour it out over into what you plan to put it in, that way there's no waste."
"Alright, we're going to give this a stir to let the butter incorporate with the rice and we're going to go back to our vegetable stock and stir this."
I can see the little globs down here at the bottom.
"Alright, then we're going to measure out one cup of stock because you'd like to have a two to one liquid to rice ratio."
"Move the stock, and then we're going to bring this to our back burner, we're going to bring this up to a boil."
"Then, when it does so, we're going to take our lid and put it on, and reduce the heat."
Tip number 5: Collecting Jewelry Over Time.
"Instead of going out on one grand buying trip, as much fun as that may be, it's a better and more accurate reflection of your personality if you slowly collect key pieces of jewelry over time."
If you like costume jewelry and you want to just buy a big bunch of it all at once it's very easy to do this within a limited budget at either an antiques fair or a knock off place or a discount store like Target or Mervyns.
"Both of these places have really cute costume jewelry, and you can go spend a lot of money, all lot at once, and completely change your jewelry wardrobe."
"For example, do a single initial buying trip and find out what you need."
"Then, after that, continue to buy pieces when you go shopping in the future."
"For example, if someone gives you a gift certificate for your birthday, this is a great opportunity to buy that ring that you've been eying for the past couple months."
It's also a great way to fill in holes in your jewelry wardrobe without a great outlay of money all at one time.
Most people's budget cannot afford to spend an enormous amount of money all at one time on jewelry or anything else.
Therefore it's a more practical solution to spread out your jewelry acquisition over a period of time.
Even your whole lifetime.
The exception to this rule is costume jewelry.
"All right I'm back, I'm just doing a little fast clean up."
Open up a bottle of nice white wine.
Guys do this for your girls; I'm telling you'll be writing me.
"I mean, let's talk a little bit about prep time."
"Prep time, I'm not really sure it's probably about 25 minutes."
"I mean come on, isn't 25 minutes worth it to your girls?"
Do something nice for your ladies; they're going to love you for it.
"I mean I know I'm no Rachel Ray, she does them 30-minute meals but she inspires me, and I think we have a lot in common."
"So with that said, I know she's a better cook, but maybe one day I will get to cook for her who knows, I could dream."
"Put these in the oven, 350 right in the middle."
We'll come back when they're done.
"You see we got all of our beautiful shrimp here breaded with the crabmeat stuffing, look at how wonderful."
"We're going to eat it, we're going to open up some wine, and we're going to tell you storage, how much it costs."
"Here's the trick, you take your Parmesan cheese, fresh Parmesan cheese."
Go out and get fresh.
"Go over each one, nice."
"They will brown it, it'll look beautiful in the oven."
I'm telling you that's how you're going to know when they're done.
When they're nice and brown you take them out and you got a beautiful dinner.
Make some asparagus like I said.
"Hi this is Aaron at Fitness for Life in Wilmington, North Carolina here to help give you a little guidance on how fast to walk on a treadmill."
"Number 1, if we feel like it's too much then it probably is."
Be endurant but continue mixing up your walking schedule.
"If you have got a goal and you want to get up to a higher walking pace push yourself, come back and recover a little bit, try to get up to that mark, the closer you work towards it the more you will be able to get there but overall if you don't know how fast to walk and you feel like you are walking too fast or you are a little cautious there is probably good reason."
"Be safe, walk inside your comfort zone but push the limits when you can and that's the word from Fitness for Life."
You have got to know your body.
"We remind a lot of people here, even in our gym, don't over push yourself, you are going to end up over training, at the very worst you will create an injury so if you are on a treadmill and you kind of feel like you are pushing the limits a little too much, most likely you are."
Back off into a level that you feel a little more comfortable with because this and I can't give a number because that number is going to vary for all different types of people.
Know your limits.
Challenge yourself.
Keep a track of what your paces have been.
If you are walking at 3.2 miles an hour but you can't really do 3.5 track that.
If you continue to walk at that 3.2 level it won't take too long before you can get up to that 3.5 level.
Now there's a few other things that you don't want to use email for no matter how badly you want to do it.
"One, never ever deliver tragic email."
"But, an email is totally different kind of communication, all we have to determine tone, feeling, thoughts, all of that are words."
"So, if you write to me, I am so angry because you did that, well, I can't hear your tone of voice to determine how angry."
"I can't see your facial expression to determine what your face is doing, what your body is doing."
So a person could take it in way too many different ways.
They could blow it off or they could get into hysterics when they're really not in trouble at all.
"And it's kind of a co-bout, it's something that people who really like to avoid confrontation, really love disciplining via email."
So you don't want to do that.
"Also in this, tie together a little bit, you never want to write emails when you're angry."
"Because when you're angry, you know, in the present state, your thoughts you're angry, your body says you're angry, your voice says you're angry."
"So you're going to sit down and you're going to fire off an email that will come across very, very hostile."
"It's very, very impersonal."
Always cool down before you send an email when you're angry.
"Because you got to remember, once you hit that send button, it cannot be retrieve, it cannot be retread."
"So whatever you say on those fits of anger, it's there, it's gone."
The damage has been done.
"You don't want to fire somebody, you don't want to let them know one of their co-workers died."
It totally makes it impersonal.
It shows disrespect for human being's feelings.
So you want to avoid that.
You also never want to discipline an employee or another person via email.
Why?
"Again, it makes it very impersonal."
Not only as a female but also as a hair stylist there's nothing I hate more personally than hearing my precious tool hit the ground.
"I'm Laura Gibson, beauty expert and I'm here today to talk to you about curling irons, not only curling irons but your battery operated curling iron."
"Open, and then curl it, let it go and voila, that's all there is to it."
"I'm Laura Gibson, beauty expert and take care of your tools."
It's like any other curling iron.
"You have your shell, your rod, but no cord."
That's the best part about it.
You can take it almost anywhere.
"You can take it camping, Europe, different outlets."
"Even better, less space in your bag when you go to travel."
"The way the economy is now, that's an extra twenty five dollars for that little space."
Use it just like any other curling iron.
"AMANDA CLAIRE: So, one of the very basic things you might want to do with the toy, let's say you like the sounds it makes already and you don't necessarily want to bend it yet, maybe one of the first things you want to do is just put an audio jack in it so you can run it through your amplifier or your stereo or whatever it is."
So that's what I've got here.
So now we've basically taken the sound that's going to that speaker and we've extended it into this jack.
So I've done this with alligator clips.
So what does that mean?
"That means if we remember what we've done, we can do it with wires, we can drill a hole in the case and install that jack permanently and just have very, very short little wires that go from the speaker to the jack and then the jack is installed in the case and then you just forget about it then you don't need the alligator clips at all, and then you've installed a jack and then you can use it that way with your amplifier."
I've actually already kinda stuck it on the cable.
"All right, there's our audio jack and this is a live cable."
"This is going into a guitar amplifier over there, so we just kinda put it on there."
"And now, what I've got here are--if you look at the speaker here, there are two terminals."
"Every speaker has two, sometimes three little contacts on it that go to these wires that are going to the circuit board."
"Well, what you can do is you can take your alligator clips and just clip it on those two terminals on the speaker and then you can take the other side of those clips and clip it on to the terminals of your jack here."
"And then once you've done that, then we can press a button and it's coming to the amplifier now."
We don't have the amplifier very loud but it is all right.
We just talked about ear points to quit smoking.
And there's also body point to help quit smoking.
"So, if we use the needles, going upward to the lung direction and then we thread needle underneath the skin and if we can go point three, point five inches, we can stimulate two points."
"One is Tim Mee point, the other is Lung 7."
And the good thing about this point is we can leave the needles here for even a couple of hours if the patient is comfortable.
"So we can tape there and leave it there to continue stimulate the point because this is on a lung channel, so that help the lung function."
"One of the most important body point to quit smoking is on the hand, and it's called a Tim Mee point."
How we can locate this Tim Mee point?
So this is the hand.
"The Tim Mee point is between this, on a transverse line, there's a point called a large intestine 5."
"So when you move your finger like this, and between these two tendons, that's one point."
"And then, 1.5 inch above this transverse line is called lung 7."
"Those two points, in the middle it's the Tim Mee point."
This Tim Mee point we can use that to quit smoking.
Okay so one of the things you want to work on is the coming in and out of the front door that is typically where the dog are loose in the house when you are not home.
When you come in to the house that is typically where you are going to be greeted by your dogs.
"So we are going to do it again with just one dog Ty we would use you, Ursula, Raven come over here now we are going to do it with one dog."
"Hey Ty how are doing? Hey buddy come over here hi what a good boy, yes good job, good boy. So as you can see it is a little bit less chaotic when you are working with one dog at a time and working at the doors we are kind of combining 2 things here and talking about working with multiple dogs and the benefits with working with one dog at a time."
But also working with come into the door and what kind of greeting you want to have from your dog when you come into the house.
We are going to do this 2 ways I'm going to show you how chaotic it could be if we do it with multiple dogs and then we are going to do it again with just one dog.
So I'm going to go out the door and then I'm going to come in as if I'm coming home.
Hey guys how are doing?
Hey pups how are doing?
Off.
Hey how are doing?
Hi guys how are doing?
Good alright so what we did is in this case it was just the baby that jump and then I immediately then walk out off the house and came back again and rewarded here for not jumping.
Our rice has been cooking for about twenty minutes now and it looks something like this.
"Look how now it has gone an put itself, it's gotten all together now and the liquid and the sofrito, the beans, and the rice are now one."
This is what it kind of looks like before I do my next step.
The next step is very important.
It is the actual pork and bacon that goes in next to cook in with it.
"I'm going to go ahead and take what I put on the side before and I am going to place it in here and stir it all up and flavor it up, OK. Let's take that in there now."
"Let's move it around like this, umm, look at that, that is going to taste delicious and look delicious."
I have left some pork rind on the side for later so I can heat it up and have some wine.
So I'm stirring it up and I am going to cook it for a little while longer.
"Okay, so now you want to make sure that you've cleaned this stick off, because you want to put it back into your carrier."
"So you put it into your bowl of water that's got disinfectant in it, and get your cloth; because if you just, if you just wash it, if you just do this inside the water, it's not going to really get everything off."
You want to wipe it down.
"You want to, you want to actually, you know, rub off any kind of germs that's on there in the disinfectant water."
"Just give it a good good rub, okay?"
And that is good to go.
"So, just shake it off a little bit, and then I'll just put that straight into the carrier."
"Couple drops of water will dry, couple drops of water will dry in a, within a few minutes."
That's absolutely fine.
"So, you've got your stick ready to go the next time you want to clean a bathroom."
The marine organism we're going to identify now is the yellowhead jawfish.
"The next time you're hanging out under your dive boat, in a sandy or rubble area, look around closely, you may see a small burrow dwelling fish, it's the yellowhead jawfish."
Their heads are slightly darker and range in color from a pale yellow to a pale tan.
"Their fins, generally, are fairly clear and pearlescent in appearance."
They range in size from two to four inches with most in the two to three inch range.
Their depth range is from ten to sixty feet and they are most commonly seen in sandy areas near coral reefs.
I've generally seen them in small communities of five to ten animals in a relatively small reef area.
"While hovering over their burrow, yellowhead jawfish are constantly feeding."
Their diet consists almost entirely of zooplankton that drifts by their burrows.
"They will, occasionally, eat small jellyfish and hydroids that also happen to drift by."
"The small communities of yellowhead jawfish that I mentioned earlier, serves a useful purpose during the breeding season, which is usually late Winter or early Spring."
"Since the fish rarely wonder far from its burrow, it's convenient to have females and males located near one another."
They're very interesting fish to watch.
"When they mate, the male courts the female by swimming in an arched position with its fins pointed toward the female."
"After fertilization, the male incubates the eggs in his mouth until they hatch."
"The male, with eggs, will have his mouth slightly open and one will be able to see the eggs, which start out clear and then darken as the fry develop in them."
The male also turns the eggs to aerate them regularly.
That's the yellowhead jawfish.
"After building a burrow in the rubble or sand, the yellowhead jawfish will be seen hovering, tail down, just above the burrow opening."
"When it feels threatened, the fish quickly backs down into its burrow so only its head protrudes."
"If it feels an even greater threat, the yellowhead jawfish will retreat quickly all the way into its burrow and out of sight."
"Some will reemerge fairly quickly, while others will wait quite a few minutes to ensure that whatever threat was there, is gone."
"They can be seen with regularity in all parts of the Tropical waters of Florida, the Bahamas, and the Caribbean."
Yellowhead jawfish are also very pretty fish.
Their bodies are white to a pearlescent bluish white.
Today we are going to talk about cooking the macrobiotic way.
Okay we also have our black-beans that we have soaked overnight and they are ready to go into the pot.
This is a pressure cooker we are going to cook the beans in the pressure cooker we are going to put a piece of Kombu and we are going to let the beans come to a boil and remove any extra foam.
Part of the reason we soak is to get rid of the foam but we are also going to remove any foam.
Once we are sure that there is no foam we are going to close the pressure cooker and we are going to let the beans cook in the pressure cooker until soft it takes about 45 minutes.
Okay.
And they are going to cook and when we finish cooking we are going to have our finish product which is our cooked black-beans.
The biggest thing that people say when they have a busy schedule is that they just can't get their exercise in.
"I'm going to give you a few tips on how you might be able to incorporate some exercises to your diet, into your day."
"Remember you can always go on the internet and order many of these simple devices that you can add throughout your day, that way you don't have to spend time going shopping cause we know you're busy."
"One thing you can do is you can get one of these balls and if you sit at a desk, you can switch out your chair for about an hour and balance on this ball and that helps build your core."
"Another thing you can do is you can get on the internet and buys some of these handy little devices, this is a band that you can get some strength training from and use it with your arms and your legs."
Then also this is just a dumbbell that you can stop by any sporting good store and pick some up.
"A lot of people say they just don't have time to make it to the gym and that's okay so start parking far away from school, far away from your work not really far but you can go ahead and park maybe an extra ten minutes."
Then you can walk and you'll be getting ten minutes of exercise to work to or to school and ten minutes to walk back.
Think about at the grocery store to or even at the gym.
"If you are going to the gym, don't try to find the first parking spot and fight the person for the parking spot."
Simply park in the back of the parking lot and then you'll get maybe five minutes of exercise walking to where ever it might be where you might go.
"Sometimes, I'm asked to design logos."
Certain calligraphers are really great at designing logos.
This is actually a clever reference to that.
"Black, white and gray."
"Can you see the black,white and gray in this?"
"Alright so, let me show you a few other logos that I've done."
"There is a, an absolutely magnificent patisseire chocolatere gelatere in Mt."
"Kisco, New York, and it's called La Tulipe Desserts, and I designed their logo."
And it is just an absolutely enchanting place to visit with absolutely delicious pastries and so on.
"And a logo like this, alright, winds up going on all kinds of things."
"So, designing a logo has certain requirements and one of them is that it's a design that needs to go up and it needs to go down."
And it needs to get battered by different kinds of media that might be taking it on.
"May I mention one of my mentors, Raphael Boguslav?"
This is an example of an advertisement that I did for them when I first started.
And you see here's the logo.
You can check out his work just by going to the internet.
"I can't really say that I've had a zillion jobs doing logos, so I can't really say that I specialize in it."
"I find that, as a calligrapher, there are certain types of businesses that a hand done logo works for."
"Obviously, obviously, I'm going to do my own logo."
"And so, I would call, you know, this is a trade card design."
"It winds up to be a little tiny thing like this, of course."
I wonder if you remember in the beginning when I showed you that fancy P from the Book of Kells?
And now we're going to talk about it has an auto focus assist lamp.
And this is an infrared lamp that lights up the area and allows the auto focus to work properly.
"Now the digital zoom, it will basically crop it in the camera and reduce the area of your photograph to a smaller area which will make it look like its zoomed and magnified."
And you can basically turn that on or off.
You probably want to keep it on.
And you've also got automatic focus and automatic exposure locks.
"So if you set something up like a flower and then you want it to be the same exposure level when a bee flies in, because the bee may change the exposure and the focus, you might want to lock all that down so that it will be done properly as that bee comes across the screen, and you're ready to shoot."
You've also got digital zoom.
Now theres two kinds of zooms.
There's digital zoom and optical zoom.
Optical is locking in a lot better because you're able to into to something optically and make it larger with the same amount of pixels.
Coming next into Cow Face Pose.
So let's start with our legs.
"We're going to take our legs, crossing one over the other."
We're going to attempt to bring the knees on top of each other.
So the knees should be stack or as close to it as possible.
"And we want to keep these ankles flexed to create a nice solid foundation for the knee, so the knee doesn't get torque in the wrong direction."
"So from here, let's take our left, right leg is on the top, so let's take our left arm reaching it behind the head and taking the right arm, sweeping it underneath and reaching for our fingertips, clasping the fingertips, getting a nice stretch for the arms and releasing the fingertips and untwining."
The next merengue partnering basic steps that everyone has to has to master.
Begin in close position.
I'm not just connected on the back.
"I have a point of connection on the back but I also have a point of connection right here, where my arm is touching the side of her body."
"So if I want her to move to the side, I'm using my arm to bring her side."
"I'm also opening up this arm a little wider than I normally would and with that she's stepping right with me, right on time."
"Now to switch it's a little tricky because we're staying on the same rhythm we're going left, right, left, right, left, right and then to switch to front back it's the same thing I may use my left hand a little bit more to lead it and coming back I'm using about fifty fifty."
My right and my left.
"Again it's just using your frame, having a good connection."
"Those are the major, major parts in these types of basic merengue steps."
Could be an open position but it's much better lead from this close position.
"Now what we are going to do is go into our Merengue and I'm going to take my partner actually instead of in a circle, I'm going to take her side, side and forward back."
"So we're going to come we're going to start the step and one, two ,three, four, five, six, seven and one, two ,three, four, five, six, seven and one, two ,three, four, five, six, seven and one, two ,three, four, five, six, seven and one, two ,three, four, five, six, seven and one more basic three, four, five, six, seven, eight."
Again in general the leader is using his frame.
The leader is traveling and he's taking his dance partner with him.
He's using his whole body and I'm not just using my hand and not just trying to make her go places by pushing her around.
I'm actually using my arm.
Any part that's connected.
In today segment you are going to learn about belly dancing costume and veil work.
"But before I start, let me introduce myself."
I have been dancing with the dancers in the world.
"Such as the Studbook National Berlin Opera, I have ballet and classic operations with Russian technique, contemporary, jazz, modern, presented samba, and of course belly dance and also their artist directors and choreographer of Super Star belly dance dot com."
So get ready to have some fun and make some room in your living room because you are going to learn how to belly dance.
Hi!
Are you really willing to give up certain items like dining in or buying the latest DVD movie.
It might more realistic to cut back on the amount you spend rather to attempt totally removing these kinds of expenses from your budget plan.
You can reduce the amount you spend in these items rather than trying to totally eliminate these luxuries.
"It is often said if you fail to plan, you plan to fail."
"A written budget will not only help you keep on track, but will also help you to evaluate where your budget needs to be revised."
Start a written plan for each month.
Know that budgets are fluid.
At the end of 3 months evaluate how well your budget worked or what adjustments are needed.
Some items get forgotten and aren't placed in your budget.
"For example, gifts for birthdays, graduations, weddings, showers."
There are many reasons why a budget might fail or why people give up on their budget but drawing up a budget is usually pure drudgery and livened only by the reality of staring your foolish spending habits in your face.
These are some of the big items that don't make the budget list but which will also throw budgeting into chaos.
"Other forgotten items include car insurance, professional association or club dues, subscription and Internet fees and other kinds of expenses which show up only periodically or annually."
The solution to this problem is to pull out the calendar and list what kinds of special occasions will be coming up in the next 3 to 6 months.
Set a price range for gift purchases rather than shopping impulsively.
"Annual costs such as dues, subscription fees and car insurance and divide them out by 12."
Keep a running tally of all annual costs and check periodically as costs go up or down for each item.
In fact one of the chief impediments of budgeting is that most people would rather not know how they really use the money.
Take heart any spending mistakes you are making are probably common and not impossible to kick.
More over the bulk of budgeting paints happen at the beginning.
"After you have a budget in place and you have fine tuned it with a couple of months of actual spending, tracking your expenditures become almost automatic."
A lot of people have unrealistic projections.
"If you are determined to make a budget work, then you've got to be realistic."
You've got to be honest with yourself is the first step.
"Last, but not least, we didn't talk about getting into a tiebreaker situation."
In intermediate tennis it's probably going to pop up at some point.
"If you win the toss or if it's your turn to serve, you're serving one time."
You're getting two balls but you're serving from the deuce court.
Whoever wins that point then you go to the next serve which would be your opponent's serve and he starts in the add court.
"He'll hit his two serves, and if he gets the first one in, he'll hit one serve."
"If he wins or loses the point then he goes over to the deuce court and he'll serve another two balls, or one ball, depending on if he gets the first or second one in, and you play that point."
Then it goes to your serve.
"Again, you start on the add side, you're not starting on the deuce side."
"Only the very first server hits one ball, or one point, from the deuce side."
"So, you're at the add side, you play it, now you're scoring."
"The first one to 7 points, you have to win by 2 points, and then you have to switch when you're total points total up to 6."
"Let's say, your game score is at 6-6."
"So, if it's 3-3, 2-4, 1-5, you switch ends."
"Again, like I said, the first one to 7 points and wins by 2, you take the set."
What do you do?
Do you keep playing until somebody wins by two games?
No.
Everybody now has this tiebreaker system going.
It's the first one to 7 points but you still have to win by 2 points.
A point is not a game; it's just a regular point.
"What you do is you start, or the first one starts on the right side."
"In this series of units, I've given you a small part of the research findings in negotiating."
"I'll warn you, this will happen; in major negotiations it happens; however much you plan to avoid it in the negotiation itself."
The key issue is to avoid blame.
"The quicker you can get into asking for solutions, and what can be done about it, the more likely you are to minimize the disruption and the cost of an implementation failure."
"This has been some ideas on negotiating, and I hope that they're ones that you can use in the future."
Good hunting.
"If you want to know more about me, you can see my details after this final unit."
Let's look at implementation.
"It's a big subject, and I'll cover two points only."
"First of all, particularly if it's a complex implementation involving new technology, or involving many departments and people; follow up is crucial."
"The rule about follow up is you do not follow things up when problems arrive, you follow up while the ink' is still wet on the contract."
"The quicker you can get into support and follow up, the less likely you are to confront problems and difficulties."
"But they will arise, and sometimes people say, it's your fault this went wrong."
"The other side will say, no it isn't because your position that you took up on this was wrong in the first place."
"In this clip what we're going to do is identify the area that we're going to pressure wash. One of the most things is to identify where the water is going to run off, also to make sure no over spray gets any plants."
We've already removed some potting plants that were in this area so the water run off does not get to it.
Once you hit dirt with a pressure washer it's going to blast whatever you see out there.
"Identify the area, this looks like a safe zone, we're going to get started."
"If your using any type of cleaners, mildew sides, there's some organic cleaners out there now that?s safe for the environment."
You always need to identify where the water is going to go.
In this area it seems like the water is going to run down.
"It also leads right into how to pressurize. You want to start from the top to the bottom. Water is going to run downhill so it's always beneficial to start from top to bottom Okay we've already identified the area, there's no problems."
Had there been any windows that we might need to put a board or a door to make sure there's no water seepage underneath doors.
"We put up a little shield around those areas, but that won't be important right now."
"Hi, this is Sean Hobson."
What we want you to understand is the most important thing about doing conditioning is being able to incorporate as many basketball skills into your conditioning as possible.
It does us no good to come out and run end to end just for conditioning purposes if we're not somehow trying to translate the skills of basketball into conditioning.
"So what I like to do is try to take any basic skill that I can about the game of basketball, and somehow find a way to do conditioning."
"If you're going to shoot the ball you might as well be shooting the ball constantly on the move, in a certain time frame, in order to get a good conditioning workout."
"If you're going to dribble the ball or run the ball end to end, you might as well be dribbling while you're doing it."
"If you can find a way to pass the ball while you're conditioning, that's good as well."
And try to build strength in to the basic skills of basketball is good as well.
"So, when you're thinking about setting up conditioning for your practice, try to incorporate the basic skills of basketball into each conditioning drill that you do."
"That way not only will your players be more well-rounded in the skills of basketball, they'll also get good conditioning at the same time."
I want to talk about costumes for a few minutes.
That's always nice because we know they're going to fit.
Then some of the costumes were made for the actors by the person who's in charge of costumes for the show.
"One of the actors in this place played a police officer, who in a sort of a funny scene decided to have tea."
He went into the kitchen to make tea and he needed to come out wearing an apron.
This apron was made for him by our costume mistress.
Another fellow in the play was painting his apartment upstairs.
"You never see the apartment, but he keeps coming back into the set with more and more paint all over him."
As more and more paint spills and gets splashed around.
He had a whole series with different stages paint staining on them that he would change from one to the next as the play progressed.
We had people having a lot of fun putting the paint on the t-shirts and the pants and so on.
Costumes are acquired in all sorts of different ways for community theater production.
He had a lot of fun with the pants.
At the end he put a big hand print on it.
You can have a lot costumes.
"As I said, there are all sorts of sources for them."
Makeup is the same thing.
The most important thing with makeup is keeping it organized and you need somebody in charge of just keeping the makeup stocked.
Every actor should have their own box of makeup so that they feel it's sanitary and they know what makeup they're going to use and it doesn't get all mixed up and so on.
The big problem you have with costumes too for that matter is storage space.
We'll talk more about the storage place problems and how to solve those when we talk about props.
"This last show that Verde Valley did, Run for your wife, was a good example."
We had quite a variety of costumes in this show.
We had men's suits.
Some of these were donated to us.
"Some of these we acquired at Good Will industries and if you go to your local thrift shop, you can find lots of clothing and other things for the set too, props and so on."
Thrift shops are an excellent source.
Some of the costumes were supplied by the actors themselves.
"Hi, my name is Dan Schmidt from the Chinese Martial Arts Center."
"And today, we're going to be showing you the proper way to perform the Jump Outside Crescent Kick."
Okay.
"So as soon as you take the second step, you have to whip your body around and jump up at the same time, to get the proper momentum of the spin."
"So again, so you step out, round, jump, kick."
"Okay, a few common errors, okay, is if you don't step out to the corner enough, you're not going to get the proper speed to turn around."
"So you don't want to take two steps forward and then try to jump up and turn, it doesn't work."
"So, you have to build up that speed by step out, turn the foot, you see and your body is turning up and then the kick."
Okay.
So once again.
"So step, jump, kick."
That's the proper way to perform the Jump Outside Crescent Kick.
"Okay, in this kick, there's a variety of steps that have a circular action."
"Okay, so starting from a standing position, okay, your first step, you're going to go slightly outward towards the corner."
"So you're going to step here, so one, then step as if you're turning; two, with your toes outward."
This is where you're going to be jumping.
"So your knee comes up as you spin around, both hands go out, Outside Crescent Kick."
Okay.
"So performed at full speed, it looks like this."
"So he runs, step, jump and kick."
In this video clip I would be setting up the sole.
Now when you flip it over after about 30 seconds the areas that are still pretty dark red are going to be low areas that need to be fixed.
To fix it you are going to continue working the plane on the sand paper until all the red areas are completely gone.
Once all the red is gone you are going to move on to a 220 grit sand paper and even a finer grit sand paper and you are going to continue this until you get a nice smooth finish on the sole of your plane.
The sole is the very base of our plane.
Now we need this to be as flat as possible so we can get nice cuts.
"First, thing we need to do is retract the blade using the depth adjustment lever."
Next we are going to take a permanent marker and color the bottom.
I like to use red cause it shows up a little bit better.
Next we are going to take 180 grit piece of sand paper and we are going to rub the plane on the sand paper for about 30 seconds.
Now when you do this you want to make sure that your sand paper is on a true surface.
I'm using a table saw in this case.
"So the first step to washing your hands is to have a towel, paper towel, a sink and antibacterial soap."
"First thing first, so you enter your sink, turn your faucet on."
Make sure it is warm not too scolding hot and good water pressure.
Completely wet your hands all the way up to your wrist.
Roll up your sleeves.
"Warm water, hot water kills bacteria better than cold water as you would see when you start to soap up."
Cold water really doesn't give you a lather.
In this clip we're going to be applying the base coat.
"Believe it or not, the next step in this process is going to be doing the grout color."
"And again, if you get a little bit on your surface or on your hands, it's just craft paint and it will wash off easily."
"That's one of the beauties of using this kind of paint, it goes a long way, it's inexpensive, and it's easy to clean up."
"You're going to see that it may take a little bit to match the exact grout color that you have, and that's why you play with the paint."
It is inexpensive so you can afford to lose a little if you need to.
"I like to put a little bit on any kind of white surface, a piece of paper, a piece of cardboard, as long as it's white, so that you're working in the same color range."
"Put a little bit on your paper, and then walk it over to your wall and see if you're close to the grout color, if not, just keep adjusting your paint color."
"Use a little bit more white, a little bit more gray, or whatever your grout color happens to be composed of, just keep adding, keep adding, and you'll see that as you work this and walk it over to your wall, you can see, we're getting close."
"We may be a little dark or a little light, you just keep adjusting until you hit that color that you need there."
"And when you think you've got it, you come back and you paint your entire switch plate cover, including the screws."
Make sure you get a good coat.
The reason we're going to put the grout color on first is it's going to cover the entire switch plate and receptacle.
"Once again, this is going to look like stone, so it doesn't need to be absolutely beautiful like a painting you'd hang on the wall, this is stone, this is Mother Nature at work, so we're going to try to copy what she has done."
"Paint the screws, make sure you keep them moving so you don't paint them in so tight that you can't use them again."
"Just put on a good coat, because you're going to come over this again with the stone color."
"Be sure you hit all the areas, the inside."
Make sure you let it dry well before you move on.
"You're going to paint your receptacle as well, watching, again, for the little holes there, so you can keep them free of accumulated paint."
Paint the edges because you probably will see some of that.
And if necessary you can go over a second time if after it dries you see that there's some spots that you've missed.
"See, it doesn't take much paint at all."
"And now, believe it or not, you've got your grout done, and we're ready to move on to the next step."
"That way, when you put your stone look on, it will look like the grout and the stone all came together at once."
You'll be amazed at how this works.
"Picking out your grout colors, as I said, is probably going to be a matching process."
"You're not going to use just one color because grout is a mixture of things in itself, so pick colors that are as close to your grout color as possible."
"As you can see here, I've picked kind of muddy grays and a white because I'm going to want to cut the gray down a little bit."
"Using your little egg tray, you're going to squirt a little bit, remember a little bit goes a long way, and this is a fairly small project so you're not going to need a lot of paint."
Keep your colors up so you can see what you're mixing.
In this segment I'm going to talk about Jack completing his backswing.
"Know thy self, and Jack knew himself."
"And how many of you discard that swing and bring in another swing, a relief pitcher, oh I'll try that, I'll try that."
"Jack knew. If he started hitting poorly, the first place he looked, did he complete his backswing? Full arm swing, full shoulder turn, full wrist hinge."
"And it also wouldn't hurt you, if you start hitting the ball poorly an excellent place to look first is, are you completing your backswing."
"Because if you're not completing your backswing, the only thoughts that will help you, is a manipulative Band-Aid that in the future is going to hurt you, more than it's going to help you."
"Be like Jack, you're starting to make some mistakes on the course, make sure you're completing your backswing."
"And he knew when his game was off, his first check point was, am I completing my backswing?"
"And by completing a backswing to him that meant extension, full arm swing, full shoulder turn, and full wrist hinge."
Completing the backswing.
"When he didn't complete his backswing, very often like many of us, if you don't complete your backswing you make a move, you're in front of the ball, club face is open moving to the right, push fade."
And that's what Jack would do most of the time if he didn't complete his backswing.
"But the point is he knew the major mistake in his swing, he knew the first thing that went wrong."
Do you know the first thing that goes wrong when you start hitting the ball poorly?
"Even if your answer is yes, you may not be correct."
Hi!
Remember that you always want to be very careful of whatever bodies of water.
It doesn't take much for a child to drown.
Be sure that all of the buckets are either up out of baby's reach or that your child is secured out away from the kitchen if you're cleaning.
"Something that you're going to want to remember is that it takes very, very little water for a child to drown."
A couple of inches is all that they need.
A crawler can very easily crawl into the kitchen.
"Remember, babies are kind of top heavy."
A crawler can actually tip over into a bucket and drown with just a couple of inches of water.
"If you're cleaning your kitchen and mopping the floor, you want to be really careful that you have kept your child out of the area."
"Whether it's putting him in his crib or playpen, or gating it off with the baby gates that we have discussed."
"It just takes one second, one phone call, for you to run off, grab the phone quick, and a child can come in and find his way to the bucket, and it could end tragically."
I'm going to show you how to make Hawaiian pork with braised cabbage and pineapple tomato skewers.
I also have another pot with a lid and this is to braise our sweet and sour cabbage.
I'm also going to use some nice bamboo skewers when we grill our delicious pineapple tomato skewers.
Join me when we come back and I'm going to show you the ingredients you need to make Hawaiian pork.
Now I'm going to show you the pieces of equipment that you'll need to make Hawaiian pork as well as the braise to sweet and sour cabbage and the pineapple skewers.
We need a big a large stainless steel casserole dish.
This is going to be used for the top of the stove.
"It can go inside the stove too but we're not going to need to do that in this case, has a nice lid to it, a sharp chefs knife."
I have a variety of pairing knifes because there is a quite a few of vegetables in this dish so we're going to have to prep those.
"I have a whisk cause we're going to whisk in brown sugar and spices into the sauce that we're going to make, a pair of tongs of course."
Then I have a pineapple knife to slice the pineapple.
I got this at the Dull Plantation in Hawaii and it's great for slicing pineapple and skinning pineapple as well as for other things like great fruit segments and things like that.
I'm going to give Carrie here a nice neck massage.
"But I'm going to use the pillow here for a little bit of her comfort, and my comfort."
"Rub it out, give it a little loving kindness, and there you've got a neck massage."
"So place the pillow behind the back, I'm going to come into an open diamond stance, knees on either side of our hips."
I'm going to have her tilt her head gently forward.
"Intertwine my fingers, palms towards the neck, rest them on, and then start gently massaging as you pull the heels of the hands back."
"And again, don't stay in one position; kind of go up and down a little bit, back and forth."
Try not to be too rough.
"If you feel your client getting tense you know to back up just a little bit; ease up just a little bit, perfect."
Then after you do that you can give her a nice little massage with neck and shoulders.
"So I'm going to just gently rub the neck, rub the shoulders."
"Alright, let's talk now about how to unhook a fish."
"I just caught this little black crappy, and now, when you hook a fish, the hook can be anywhere depending on the orientation of the hook when the fish bit."
"If you use barbless hooks, it's a lot easier."
One thing that I find helpful is to often have a pair of pliers.
"Much better for taking the hooks out, much easier on your fingers, much easier on the fish."
"It could be in the lower jaw, the side, the upper jaw, back in the throat a little bit, sometimes it's more, some areas are more difficult to take the hook out than others."
If you have a treble hook that makes it even more difficult.
"What you want to make sure, first of all, is that, with fish that have spines such as your pan fish, your perch, your bass, the spines are typically on the anal fin, the dorsal fin, sometimes in the ventral fins and often at the edge of the operculum there will be a small spine."
So you want to stay away from those areas as best you can.
Try to smooth the fins down before you grab them.
Make sure that you have a firm grasp on that fish at all times.
And that will keep you from getting spined and it will be better for the fish.
"And then you simply reach in, try to take the back side of the hook if you can, and you pop it right out."
Now the eyes are completely done and they look fantastic.
But the finishing touch is now are the lips.
A lot of benefits from using a little bit of lip liner.
"Keep it very neutral, you don't want it look like a harsh lip line, basically shaping the lips."
"This is the signature point of this look is with the old Hollywood starlet it was normally that red, Madonna red, but with the flapper look, it was that more dark glossy, shiny... we are going to combine the two with a burgundy, shimmery, glossy type lip."
"So, I am going to start with a burgundy lip liner."
"She has nice full lips, so I am not going to overdraw her lips I am just going to trace her natural lip line and just fill it in with the lip liner."
"This is where you create a nice shape for your lips, like that rosebud lips or if you like those pointed lips, which is up to you."
She has a great natural lip line so I am just going to trace that completely.
"And again, fill it in because you don't want to see the lip liner."
You want it to all look natural and blended.
"Also, filling in your lips with a lip liner will help your lipstick stay on longer and it will prevent from bleeding."
Hello!
My name is Terry Neven.
Record keeping for 8th grade and under is not as crucial as high school.
"High school record keeping is absolutely important specifically for graduating, earning a diploma or going on to college or university."
You can also have in a student's cum folder other pieces of record keeping such as test results or any other studies about a child's learning style or things that are relative to understanding how the child learns and the things that face them.
Record keeping can be important but it's not anything we have to lose sleep over.
You can enroll your child in any public school or most private schools throughout the state of California without an immunization record and no paper trail.
But paper trail can be helpful.
Record keeping can be an important part of home schooling.
I am the administrator of California Home Educators and principal of Sunland Christian School.
In this clip we are going to talk about record keeping for families who home school.
A paper trail is an important part of helping everyone understand what has occurred with a child in their development and education.
"In almost every state, it is important to have immunization records or immunization waiver."
Most home school programs throughout the United States have some sort of paper trail in order to help you with this record keeping process.
Usually it involves three things.
A piece of paper that tells what we are going to accomplish this year.
A piece of paper that documents days that schooling occurs and finally some form of a report card or transcript of the grades that students have earned and what work completed during that school year.
"Okay we have worked around our third level, side one, corner one, side two, corner two, all the way to these third corners, third side and our very last corner."
"We have gotten half way in here and now we are going to chain two and do our last set of three, there is one, there is two, and there is three."
"Then again we are going to chain one to keep our float and our pattern and our sizing the same, we are going to go one, two, three, and get our needle in there."
This does take practice and I still have trouble getting my needle to go through some times.
"We are going to go through right here, pull it down really tight and make sure you have got that loop through a decent amount and you are going to cut it and now with this yarn and especially since this is our outside and we are going to add our border we really want to do this tight because when we are working our border we are going to be working our needle in through these holes."
"Go ahead and just pull it through from the top, pull it through just like that but really make sure you get a nice good pull on it because we are going to be working through this area."
Now continue until they are all the way hidden and then we will be adding our border.
"My name's Alex Lowe, and I'm an entry level engineer for Weber Elliot Engineers in Eugene, Oregon, and I'm here to tell you about how much an entry level engineer would make."
"An entry level engineer can start out making twenty to thirty thousand dollars a year in US dollars, and they basically will stay in the--stay at that level for probably six to twelve months, and then they can move up their salary can increase maybe a couple to five thousand a year, until they get to--they plateau at a certain level, which we'll say is forty-five thousand a year, maybe."
And as much as forty-five thousand dollars a year depending on where you are.
"And that will, that will cap off because then you need to have, in order to get more money, you have to have an actual degree."
You have to have a certification that makes you more of a valuable employee to an engineering firm.
So our next step is going to be conditioning the hair.
After you are done applying a chemical to your hair you are going to feel that it is a bit dry.
This may seem that it is a long process but it is going to help especially at the end when you rinse it and get rid of any tangles that you might have.
Just go ahead and go to our next step.
So you are going to want to use a moisturizing condition to kick some moisture back in there.
"So what we are going to is start by putting the conditioner in your hand, mixing it up and pull it through your ends."
Taking it by section by section at least the first time you have done the chemical service take it section by section.
Then go back in and massage it into your scalp cause you are going to want to moisturize your hair.
"It is going to be very dry, it is going to be thirsty so we are going to feed it."
Pull it through your hands and then what you can do is go ahead and grab your wide tooth comb.
Take it in sections and just comb it through your ends.
Take it in sections and comb it through your ends.
Okay now is the point where we're actually going to clean the record.
"So you've got your record, you've got your cleaner on the record, you've got your cleaning medium, I'll be using my diaper."
"I'm just taking one little corner of it, getting it so I only have a small piece of it, because it's pretty useful if you're cleaning a lot of records in a row to conserve space."
"You don't really want to use the same piece too many times; maybe two records in a row, but maybe not."
"Though if you're only cleaning one record, you don't have to worry about that."
"You can take it put it right on it's not going to damage your record, you can rub it forward and you kind of just shift and keep it going in a circular motion."
You can do it as quickly or slowly as you want to.
"Make sure not to touch the inside, because this record cleaner will take off the coloring on the inside of the record."
"And you can go around a quite a few times, just make sure it's clean."
"Once you decide upon the purpose your fence will hold then next thing you want to choose is your style, height, and color."
"For example, if I have a house with white accents such as white window frames, white exterior doors, and white rain gutters then obviously your best bet would be a white solid privacy."
If you have a house with tan accents however then your best bet would most likely be a tan solid privacy fence.
"For houses that have the ability to do both colors, you can also do a two-tone option such as this which is a white frame and a tan center."
Once you decide your color the next thing you want to do is choose your height.
If you're installing your fence in your backyard only you most likely want to do a five to a six foot height fence.
Be it semi private or solid.
"If you're installing your fence along your front yard, then your best option would most likely be a three foot height or a four foot height."
"Hi, this is Yolanda Vanveen from vanveenbulbs.com."
"In this segment we'll talk about, what kind of flowers should I put in my yard?"
"So when you're picking out plants, make sure to take in account what the leaves look like, what the fragrances are, and if they're not fragrant, if they are fragrant, and it's all about you again."
"I love the spots, and I love the different textures of the Cleopatra, it's gorgeous."
And I love all the tropical plants that we can get away with growing in the northwest.
"This is my mandevilla, or my mande-villa plants, and it's just a vine, but I love the bright red flowers, and I love that humming birds really, really enjoy it."
"And next to that I have my gladiolus meriali, are also know as acidenthera, and I just love it, it has a nice fragrance like grape bubblegum, and it has little spots in the middle that are burgundy, that are just gorgeous, so it's a really, really, really pretty plant."
But there's another ten thousand to a hundred thousand plants that we haven't talked about.
"So gardening to me is just like meeting everybody else that you meet in your life, you enjoy their company when they're there, and you invite them over whenever you can, but you realized that you can't possibly have every plant in the world in your garden, and it's about change, some plants stay for years and years, some plants go away after two years, but I never take it personally, because I know there's many more plants that I can meet in the future, that will enjoy my garden."
"So when I'm trying to decide what kind of plants to put in my garden, I look through magazines, I look through web pages, I look through different websites that have different ideas, and I realize that plants will never do the same in my yard as they do in other peoples yards, just as people will never act the same at your parties as they will at other peoples parties, but in the end, it really doesn't matter, all that matters is that you have a good time at your garden, and that's my advice, just plant plants when you can find them, and enjoy their company when you can."
"Now when I garden, I always remember that it's my garden, and your garden is your garden, and it's all about you."
"So when I'm planting flowers in my garden, I try not to take too many things too seriously, because in the end it's all about me and what I enjoy."
"And so, I like to look on the Internet, onto different websites that give you lots of different ideas on what to plant in your garden, but when it comes down to it, I just collect plants wherever I go, and that's a good rule of thumb."
"If you go to a garden center, farmers market, and you see something that you like, and you've got a sunny spot, and it will do well in the sun, plant it there."
"You don't always have to know the names of everybody that comes to your party to enjoy their company, so I try to remember the names of the plants that I purchase, but of course I forget some of the names, and in the end, that doesn't really matter, because all that matter is, that you enjoy your garden, because it is an extension of you."
"You can have a very formal garden with everything marked, and everything simple, and not very crowded, or you can have just a big summer party and a big barbecue bash, and you can mix and match all different types of plants that like the sun or the shade, and just put groups of them all over, and you can move them around later, and you don't have to be strict with it either, it's whatever you want to do."
"So my favorite plants that I have in my garden, and that I would definitely recommend, are the following plants; this is my gold, millennium gold calla-lily, it likes full hot sun, and I love it because its got spotted leaves, and its got these bright lemony yellow flowers that last almost all summer long, and it will keep blooming for lots and lots of periods of time, and I love that it'll do full hot sun, more than shade, because I've got a lot of sun and it does really well."
"This Cleopatra canna-lily is of course one of my most favorite plants in my garden, and I've got some in the garden, I've got some in containers, I love the striped leaves."
Hi!
A friend and I where traveling together and came across a place that serves this garlic cloves amazing we have been looking forward every since but we where over seas.
Anyway here is our garlic and we would add that to our onions and set it aside as we continue to build our ingredients and our base for our sauce.
Okay now we are going to work with our garlic and once again a good way to peel garlic is to twist it and get a little pop there and then the skin would peel right off.
Let's see and lets try something else I smash my garlic a lot of time before I chop it anyways but I have always been told if you take with the skin on and just hit it that is another way to get the skin off really easy.
I didn't seem that easy I like my method better but there it comes.
Take that part off.
"Anyway like I said I smash my garlic, give a little smash or if you have some gadgets you can just put it in a small chopper and chop your garlic up."
"Of course you can do your onions like that, you can do your bell pepper, I wouldn't suggest tomato unless you want your tomato puree more then chopped."
But we would chop our garlic up give a nice and edible and in spaghetti many times or in any dish a lot of times it is not a pleasant thing to just come across a big chunk of garlic as your eating unless your like me and you like garlic you look forward to that.
"Anyway we can chop our garlic, garlic I love it."
"Now that I have carved some of my block of wood, I might want to see how it's going to look in the final image."
"Therefore, I can pull a proof which is, essentially, a printed image that gives me an idea of where I'm going with my block of wood."
"In order to do that, I'm going to first need to put some ink on my pallet and use my brayer to make a sheet of ink."
I am using etching ink for my woodblocks.
There are relief printmaking inks but there is a limited number of pigments available.
"You can use etching ink, you can use lithography ink."
"The only difference is in the viscosity of the ink which you can alter for your uses, for what you need."
"Here, this ink from the tube is just going to be perfectly fine to get what we need for this proof."
"So, I have put a dollop of the ink onto my pallet and in order to make the sheet of ink that I need, I'm just going to kiss a little bit of that ink with this brayer so that I can make a nice even sheet of ink for my block of wood."
"And then we'll do that the same with our next piece and when they're both done, we're going to put them together and cut again just to make sure that there are no large chunks of garlic."
We'll move this over to the side and we'll take just a little bit of our rosemary and we'll chop it.
"I'm using just the little ends from that little piece is off because the stem that would be in here is very, very soft."
"Alright, now we're going to come back to our chicken."
"And, again, it's not cooked all the way but that's alright because we are going to be putting our sauce in here and then roasting it in the oven."
"So, we'll pull this out and we're keeping this oil in here because we don't want our garlic to burn, we just want to keep the flavor of the chicken."
"So, we'll add our garlic and our capicola or our prosciutto and we're going to want to add some wine, white wine, to deglaze the pan."
"And now that we have liquid in here, I'm going to add our fresh herbs so that they don't burn."
"And then to give it a little bit more flavor, we'll come back to our vegetable stock and we'll add an equal amount of that as we have with the rice."
So about a half a cup to a cup each.
But because we are going to be cooking this chicken a couple of times that means it's just marked.
"And then, we're going to let this boil and reduce."
So you can see it's nice and white and move it till it's where the majority of the oil is and now we'll start preparing our sauce.
"So, we've already cut our capicola or our prosciutto, so we're going to take two cloves of garlic."
We're going to look at each end.
One end is smooth and one has like a little brown stem.
So we're going to cut that off both parts and then we're going to remove them because that's about the size that we want to chop our garlic.
"So, we'll grab the sides and chop and then we'll do it again."
See the garlic is going to rise up the edge of the knife so we'll just pull that back down.
"Hi, my name's Joe, and I'm at Breaktime Billiards in Wilmington, North Carolina and today we're going to talk about leveling a pool table."
Pool tables come in three piece slate and one piece slate.
"On a three piece slate they fit together as one, two and three."
And what you want to be able to do is you want to be able to level the slate before you put the cloth on.
They do this by shimming.
"You can use playing cards, which is a awful easy way to do it."
And you're going to lay your level over the corners of the table and the length.
"And you're going to put, if if it's low on one end, you're going to put the card on that end to try to bring that part of the slate up."
It's a trial and error type method as to how many shims you need or playing cards.
But once you've done this then the slate is level.
I would like to have a discussion on electromagnetic fields now.
In other words electronics in the bedroom.
"Also what's important to know what's behind that headboard, what's behind on the other side of the wall."
I had a client who had the walls full of electronics on the other side and she had constant headaches and her immune system was really suffering and she didn't know why.
So after I pointed out they actually moved electronics in the other room to the other corner and her health improved dramatically after that.
"So our lives are full of electronics, electronics is everywhere."
So and it radiates different frequencies and we are exposed all day long to it.
So our immune system is really getting bitten.
And you want to have this one room in your life where you can come home at night and rest from all of the exposure.
You really don't want to have too much electronics in your bedroom.
You don't want to have all those TVs and DVDs players and phones and it's very important not to have your alarm clock and phone right by your head so that I see quite often.
So if you can Jane here has simple quartz clock that she changed from an electric clock so this is much safer.
So if you really need to have that electronics in the bedroom just put it as far away from you as possible.
"Have you woken up the next day, pounding headache, dry mouth, realized it may have been the amount of drink you had last night?"
"Well, I'm here to tell you about what is the best vodka to end up without a hangover."
"The next thing about Absolut is, you could drink a vodka water with Absolut because Absolut has a distinctive, slight sweetness at the very end of it."
"So that and water, you still get a little sweetness in your drink without having to mix it with any of those dangerous sugars that are going to laid to you being dehydrated the next day."
"So best way to keep drinking all night and not going to hangover the next day, stick with Absolut and stick with it and on water."
My name is Jeff Klein and bartender and vodka connoisseur here at Beak's Old Florida and that is the best vodka for no hangover.
How are you?
My name is Jeff Klein and I'm a vodka connoisseur and bartender here at Beak's Old Florida in St. Petersburg.
Now for me the importance of the best vodka is going to be Absolut.
That's going to be your best vodka for no hangover for many reasons.
"One, it's a premium vodka."
So you're not getting any type of impurities in there.
"Two, the best way not to get a hangover is to cut out the sugar while you're drinking."
"One of the biggest things that leads to hangover is when your mixing your vodka with orange juice, soda, Red Bull, all of those sugars are going to dehydrate you and really that's what lands to your hangover."
"Now, I'm going to show you the supplies we're going to need to make our paddle ball."
"We're going to make our handle out of cardboard, corrugated cardboard box or carton."
"The size of the cardboard should be big enough to make two paddles because they're going to be, actually, our one paddle is going to have two layers to it."
"So, take the size of the round head of the paddle that you want, using the plate of the bowl, and make sure that you have enough for two of those the same sized paddles to be cut out from that cardboard."
"So, we're going to need the cardboard and a plate to measure our circle for the head of the paddle."
"We're going to have to have a pencil on hand and a scissors, along with a paintbrush for decorating the paddle."
"So the way you want to approach it is, you actually want to attack the front foot with the ball."
"So what is, I mean, attacking the front foot?"
"So basically you want to position the ball towards that area, the area of the front foot, okay?"
"Pretend that you're actually going to go one way, and then actually, while he's distracted or while he's coming at you, the moment that he's ready to stop to defend or to start moving backwards, then you pass the ball through his legs, and then you go around him as....as you receive the ball on the other end."
"So again, we are attacking the front foot."
Why the front foot?
"Because that's where his weight is, and it's more difficult for him to turn this way to try to stop me, okay?"
"But at the same time, because we know that he's going to have his legs open, okay, and I'm going to take advantage of that, I want to put right between his legs, the ball goes through the legs, and I run to the side, because I know he will have a harder time catching me."
Okay?
"So if you want to have some fun with it, you can start with your friends, you know."
"Pretend that at a park, you know, let 'em do it."
The next thing you want to do is make sure you can get some hot liquids into you or perhaps even an MRE.
We always bring with us a ready to each meal.
These can be purchased at Army-Navy stores across the country.
And always bring a thermos full of real hot coffee or soup.
You can get these at any outdoor store and they unfold from a very compact piece.
They're essentially like a mylar aluminum type foil.
By putting these over your body.
Even if you're buck naked it will reflect your body heat and retain it.
Okay this last one is a little bit of a challenge but once you practice the straddle splits and the leg training your legs will start to get much stronger.
So it looks something like this.
"Now, it's not always easy but if you practice this for a while eventually you should be able to do it without too much trouble."
"Okay there are some important, important regulations when it comes to stepping over the sidelines of the piste."
"So if in the course of a bout, one fencer slips over the edge, with one or both feet, a halt is always called by the referee."
"If my armor had already been extended, and I had been in mid-attack and touched, even just after I had stepped off with one foot, the touch would still be in my favor."
"So the rules get a little bit convoluted but it's important to remember, first of all, to stay on the strip."
"Second of all, that it's better to step off with one foot, than with two feet, if possible, and also that the score will also go in your opponent's favor if you step off the, the piste."
"So you want to remember to at all costs, keep your feet within the lines."
"So, in the event that in the action I slipped off with both feet, say I was getting a little overzealous in a repost and crossed over, lost my balance in a lunge, and ended up off to the side, a halt would be called."
"If I had scored a touch, it would not count."
"If my opponent had scored a touch, it would count, as long as it had happened immediately after I had stepped over the edge."
"Now if I'd only stepped over with one foot, a halt would also be called."
"The same rules would hold true, my touch would not count."
"Even if we both touched at the same time, Siri would score a point, a touch, but I would not."
"And if she scored a touch immediately after my touch, then she would win."
"There is an exception here however, whereas if I had begun the action, before I stepped off the sidelines, which is to say if I'd established right-of-way, and actually legally begun the attack, in that case it probably would have been true."
So you're thinking about laser hair removal and you're curious about some of the side effects.
My name is Keeley Selvage with Keeley's Skin Solutions and I've been a licensed clinical aesthetician for over a half a decade.
Get a loofah and rub your body.
You should be good to go as far as that.
You also do run the risk of a slight bacterial infection.
"If there's a small wound, maybe a small burn on the skin, your doctor can give you an anti-biotic."
That's no problem.
And you just keep it clean and take care of that.
"Also if you have a history of herpes simplex, it can cause one."
"So, see the physician."
Get an anti-viral medication prescription and again that should be good.
"So, laser hair removal is very safe."
I'm going to talk to you about some of the side effects of laser hair removal.
There's very few side effects and it's an excellent treatment.
"I'm Keeley Selvage with Keeley's Skin Solution, and that is all about laser hair removal."
"For the most part, it's very safe."
"It's a very effective way to get rid of that unwanted hair, but one thing you might want to think about is after the treatment, you might experience some redness, some swelling and some sensitivity."
So you want to make sure that you are avoiding the sun and really any hot temperatures.
Make sure your shower is maybe luke warm because it's just going to irritate the skin.
"You could also break out a little bit in the area, and maybe even get some ingrown hairs because once those little hairs start to work their way out, they can just turn in in the skin."
It doesn't break the skin.
One thing you can do to help that is exfoliate ten days after the treatment.
This beginner Pilates Exercise is called the double leg stretch.
This is the second exercise part of what we called the Five Abs series.
"Now, where do you want to look?"
"You want to look towards your legs, try to avoid looking up towards the ceiling."
"You want to really protect that neck. So looking forward, contracting those abs. Perform about eight to ten reps. And that is your double leg stretch."
So really concentrate on pulling your abdominal muscles and focus on your breath.
"Come on down to the mat and bring your knees in towards your chest, lifting your head and shoulders up off the mat."
Gently place your hands on the outside of your lower legs and we're going to extend the arms and the legs in opposition.
"When you extend your legs, pull your legs into a Pilates dance, which means your heels are together and your toes are out like a V. Keep the small of your back down to the mat."
And then circle your arms around and bring your knees into your chest.
"So inhale as you open, exhale bring your knees in."
"Inhale, extend; exhale, bring it in."
"Straight arms over head, then circle around."
It's fairly easy to do but it does have some key things from our titration kit.
I'm going to put this on here until I get just a gram.
I have to be really careful 'cause a gram is not much.
The first thing I'm going to do is I'm going to measure out a liter of water.
"This is distilled water, so I'm just going to pour a liter of water."
I just have a marking here I'm watching and I try and be as exact as possible.
Okay.
"So, we got a liter there."
And I'm going to measure out a gram of catalyst which is potassium hydroxide in this case.
"So first I'll trim off the top to make it straight, and then I'll cut two four inch strips."
And we're going to sew together the four inch strips and sort of quilt them to make it extra strong.
Give it a little bit more heaviness on the bottom of the bag.
You could even sew in a little bit of interfacing in here if you want to make it a nice stiff bottom.
So for the quilting we'll put the two pieces together and we'll go to the machine and quilt them together.
This is a Russet potato.
"So, that is it for potatoes, thank you have a good day."
When you look at your potato you want to make sure that the potato has a nice even color all the way around it whether it be a red potato or a brown potato like this one.
You want to make sure the color is even all the way around.
"You want to make sure also that it is firm all the way around, no dents, no bruising."
Let's get on to our last stretch.
It is a good stretch for the shoulders.
Make sure you stay towards the center as you open the arms out to the side and you don't get out of the stretch the wrong way.
From here you are going to twist that shoulder and face towards your other side.
Take a deep breath on the inhale and as you exhale I want you to twist and press that shoulder into that wall.
Get both shoulders even and away from your ears and then slowly twist the waist right back facing that wall.
Lift your left arm straight up in the air and slowly float it all the way back down.
You can step away from the wall and you are done.
That was the shoulder wall stretch.
I want to thank you guys for watching today.
I put these stretches together so that you can start to learn about pilates and your body so make sure that you guys get in there and make sure that you stretch correctly.
I want to thank Alex and Carrie today and Base Pilates for having me here.
"So you are going to start by facing the wall like you are in trouble, just kidding."
Make sure to see my other videos and I'll see you guys soon.
Thanks for watching.
You are going to reach your right arm straight up in the air just like Alex has here.
From here you are going to open out to the side so you are going to make sure that your shoulder is completely in line.
You don't want it above or below but straight in line with that shoulder and then you are going to slowly start to turn your body out to the left side.
As you are pressing the shoulder down into the wall and you don't have to turn the shoulder very much here but it is a good shoulder to open up that chest.
"Good, take a deep inhale here and try to twist a little bit more as you straighten the body all the way, good and then come back to center."
Face the wall again and make sure you lift the arms straight up and then lower it right back down to your side.
We are going to switch to the left arms and lift your left arms straight up in the air.
So even though we've been doing it in parts already.
"It's good to reiterate when we're moving along and using, specifically with something that has a pattern in it or not."
I'm just going to cut out a small piece to give you an example.
This is a small piece of a darker.
"So see how that would even, if I laid this over it in some area, or turned it and laid it in another area."
Its going to create a value shift.
Or give a line.
"Or give a crease that much, you might try to achieve while you're doing something in drawing."
"So before I lay stuff down, I actually want to kind of play with the values a little bit."
You want to make sure that you are paying attention to the value tones.
"I'm trying to create what looks to me as if could possible be a hand, a wrist, a fingernail, a kneecap."
I don't want to be thinking this is just a certain area for muddled color and I don't need to be paying attention to those things.
"So I cut this piece out, right for the wrist here."
"I'm looking at though and I'm thinking to myself, it looks nice, I like the color of it."
"But I don't exactly see any shifts in value that are intriguing to me enough to show that if this is the wrist laying on top of the knee, why isn't there any value shifts inside of it?"
"So I may actually just lay this piece down, but begin to lay some layers over on top of it to have a little more shift in value."
Such as maybe something out of here.
You know consumer fireworks can add fun and excitement to any holiday event or gathering at parties.
I am Captain Joe Bruni with over three decades of firefighting and emergency medical service experience.
With safety glasses and some type of foot and protection and covering.
I'm Captain Joe Bruni stay safe and we'll see you next time.
What we're going to talk about is personal protective equipment when it comes to using common consumer fireworks.
Someone designated as the shooter should always be outfitted with a good pair of fitting safety glasses and a good fitting pair of light leather gloves or cloth gloves to avoid burn injuries.
Also no open toed shoes or bare feet should be permitted with anyone that is using consumer fireworks or designated as the shooter.
Even something as simple as the common sparkler can cause significant burn injuries.
The things like bare feet and unprotected hands.
Things like the common sparkler burn at a very high temperature from eleven to eighteen hundred degrees.
Common consumer fireworks emit showers of sparks which are very hot.
So it's a good idea to protect not only the user but the person who's a responsible adult designated as the shooter.
I'm from suite 16 studio.
"Whenever you have a roof with an 'A' shape, you want to insulate that in a certain way."
You want to insulate the top 'A' frame portion of it and also you want to insulate across your beams that make you?re inside ceiling so you've got two layers of insulation in the ceiling.
That really helps keep the sound from going up.
"Another consideration is: if I do have a cement block wall construction on a cement block slab, I've really got to be concerned about my roof because that is where all my sound is going to leak out of."
"If I build a standard 'A' frame type roof, I'm going to really want to insulate it and definitely use 2x6 or 2x8 construction."
I'm here to talk to you about soundproofing your recording studio.
"On this building I have T-111 siding on the outside, which is a standard cardboard siding that you will find on many homes."
"It's pretty good for stopping sound, but not quite as good as plywood would be."
"If I were building this home from the ground up, or I wanted to make this better, I would put T-111 over the plywood and then put shingles over that."
But I'm more concerned with working on the inside of my building; and that's where I spent my money for this building was on the inside walls.
We're going to go in there and show you a little of that in a moment.
"The building here is done with a cement slab with two by four construction, an 'A' frame ceiling and and 'A' frame roof with shingles on the roof."
Now that's another problem area we are going to talk about a little bit more.
I'm going to show you how to make a Scrumptious Coffee.
"Now what I'm going to make here is a single serving, but you can also make this in a pan over the stove."
"Also, a half an ounce of rum and I'm going to stir that up again."
"I'm going to drop in an orange peel, and then I'm going to let this infuse as I heat it in the microwave for about thirty seconds."
Once I take it out I'm going to top it with whip cream.
"A little bit of nutmeg, just like so."
"And if you would like to add another orange peel on top, feel free to do so."
"And there you have it, a Scrumptious Coffee."
Cheers.
Just make sure that when you heat it you don't bring it to a boil.
Now if you're going to make an individual serving you can heat this up in the microwave.
"We're going to start off with a very strong hot cup of coffee, and we'll add to that some sugar."
"You can also use brown sugar, so that's up to you."
"And I like my coffee sweet, like I like my men, so I'm going to add, whatever that means, I'm going to add two tablespoons of sugar, and then I'm going to add in the liquor."
"We're going to do a half an ounce of brandy, just like so."
And we're also going to add a half an ounce of dark rum.
And if you decide to do this in a larger pot just increase the amount of your liquor as you would increase the amount of your coffee.
"Swimming, you lie on a comfortable surface."
You take the arms right out ahead of you and stretch.
"You work yourself into the levels as you inhale, and exhale, pressing the pelvis right into the floor, and reaching like somebody's got you by the fingers, and somebody else got you by the toes."
"Inhale, and exhale."
"Keep your shoulders relaxed, and just reach."
"And control each movement with the breath as you move, stretching the toes and fingers."
"And then just release, come down in the resting posture."
And then guide the floor away from you as you come back up.
"It's like somebody's got you right by the hands, you want to stretch those fingers right out."
"What you do is you press the pelvis right in to the floor firmly, and lift up your left arm and your right leg."
"Some people's down lower, other people, you can lift up higher."
You're connecting opposite energies in the body from the left to the right.
"Take a deep breath in, and then exhale."
"Switch the right arm and left leg, go higher."
"And then inhale, switch."
"Again, you can be right down here, exhale, inhale, exhale, some people just barely touch the floor with it."
"Hi my name is Tim Cole, I'm with the Austin Reptile Service."
And I've been keeping reptiles and amphibians for over forty years.
These are fairly popular lizards and they do make good pets if you set them up properly.
"You need to provide UV light, you need to supplement their insects with calcium powder, you do need to provide a heat source."
And since they're arboreal that's going to mean a heat lamp that they can bask underneath.
I'm here to talk to you about keeping Chinese water dragons.
"These are a medium size lizard, average about three feet."
They're green with a crest going down the back.
"Looks somewhat similar to the iguana but a little bit heavier body, and usually a lot friendlier."
"These lizards are arboreal so they're climbers, so you'll want to set them up in a vertical cage."
"They do need a lot of humidity, so if you can set up a misting system or spray them yourselves manually on a daily basis, that would be good."
"These lizards are usually feeding on crickets when they're young, they'll also eat small fish."
"As they get older they'll eat larger fish, adult crickets, and even small rodents, including mice."
"Some other points, finer points I want to make about adjustable seating and cushioning for people with disabilities is again, I want to make the point that if you're helping somebody with a spinal cord injury to really make sure the seating is as comfortable as possible."
"You or I, who might not have a spinal cord injury, can usually re-adjust ourselves in our canoe seats as often as possible."
"Again, look at a participant's wheelchair."
Some participants use manual wheelchairs.
"Maybe they have a lower level spinal cord injury; in which case, maybe the patio chair is great for them."
"Maybe there might be other people that use a power wheelchair that usually has a higher back and needs a little bit more support, so maybe the Chosen Valley canoe seat would be great for them."
"Again, just look at their wheelchairs, and sort of assess what sort of cushioning and back support their need, and then also ask your participant, what kind of support do you need?"
"It's very respectful to ask that question, and a lot of times the participants; they've been in similar situations before, and so they know what's, what works best for them."
"So just always, you know, ask questions, and assess based off of systems that are already set up in place."
"Sometimes, if you're ever sitting at a desk, you'll notice yourself shifting around a lot."
That's because we're trying to aleve pressure sores.
"However, people with spinal cord injuries don't always feel that they need to readjust themselves to aleve those press pressure sores."
"So what I like to do is, if somebody's coming canoeing with me that ha, that is in a wheelchair, I always like to look at their wheelchair and ask them what is, what kind of cushioning support do you need?"
Always ask your participant.
It's not rude to ask.
"It's very respectful, and it gives you a good insight as to the needs that they'll need for canoeing or rafting, or just sort of any type of adaptable equipment."
"So, always look at their cushioning, and all also for, as far as back support; whether you're going to need the patio chair or the Chosen Valley chair."
"On this clip I want to talk about grids, grids are a light modifier, if you look at that, see how it kind of disappears when I turn that."
They do the same thing to the light.
"The problem is, your modeling lights will cause them to burn so you have to be really, really careful, you cannot leave your modeling light on a long amount of time if you make your own."
"These are all kind of specific to the size of your reflector, they just snap in on the Speedtron, on the Photogenics, they actually have a little clip, a little spring loaded clip that holds them in."
"And they work real well, they will last you a lifetime, you cannot drop anything on it, because it will smash the little honeycombs that's inside."
"If they get to where they are spilling light a little bit too much you can come in with flat black paint and spray them and it will keep the reflection off, from spilling where you don't want it."
"The light shines through, let me get this turned on, light shines through and when it's not on there it gives a broad light dispersion."
"As you can see, as I put this on it narrows the beam down considerably."
It actually just funnels the light down to a smaller beam.
"Grids are a couple of different sizes, I don't know if you can see this, as you can see this one has much finer holes in it than this one, this one narrows the beam even more."
This one is a little coarser and allows a little more.
"This is very, very important when you are trying to do very fine detailed lighting because it allows you to put light exactly where you need it."
These are amazing little things.
"You can make some of these out of cardboard, by cutting cardboard sidewards and then like putting a rubber band or something around them."
"If you were to take a look at your teeth underneath a microscope, the enamel of your tooth, even though it's the hardest substance in our bodies, it's still pretty porous."
And what happens is that those porous areas are the ones that we are utilizing to whiten our teeth.
"Many of the tooth whiteners that you're purchasing in stores, the grocery stores and the supermarkets and department stores have a lower concentration of that peroxide."
So it may take you longer to get to your results and you'll have to be a little bit more patient versus the in-office or in professional store whitening where you have a higher concentration of that peroxide.
So you're getting much more whitening in a shorter period of time.
So here's what happens.
You have a very porous tooth structure and onto that tooth structure you put one of the whitening agents on there.
Usually the whitening agents are made of a hydrogen peroxide or a carbamide peroxide.
It's not really truly bleach as some people are led to believe.
"So it's a hydrogen peroxide, and when you put that up against the structure of the enamel, all of those porous areas, from those areas you're pulling and drawing stain out from the tooth."
"And so during that time that you are sitting with that whitening agent on teeth, you are actually pulling and drawing stain out."
"The longer period of time you're sitting with that whitener up against the tooth, the more whitening that is existing during that time."
Also of course we need to consider the strength of the tooth whitener.
Torso Twist with Buddha Arms and elbows extended.
No meditation just a fancy name to give you a visual of what the arms are going to do.
Now the arms are going to go in front of you.
The hands in front of the chest and the elbows out.
You're going to press into the hands like you're fighting.
Like you're having a match here with the hands that's going to keep nice tension all throughout the upper body.
As you twist keep the hands in front don't let them go ahead.
That's a very common thing to do when you're not familiar with the exercise.
Keeping the hips facing forward if you notice my belly button is still facing the same way as I'm twisting.
"Play with the breathing inhale, exhale."
"Now instead of looking down, I'm looking at my hands right now to make sure you want to do that but also keep the gaze forward."
"So you want to make sure that you keep the hands in front, maybe kind of look at them without lowering your chin."
"But the torso twist is a great way to train your middle, the middle of your body."
Start training your obliques and same with the back and the middle area.
So when you when your stance just like I am right now.
"You want your feet about shoulder width, toes slightly out."
When you bend your knees make sure that you keep your hips underneath the shoulders that they're not pushed forward like this.
"So check in the mirror, make sure that you're not ahead out of alignment. You're going to tuck your hips and that's what's tricky is tucking this way so you feel like almost like somebody's pulling you from the front of the pants or you're looking at a caught zipper or something here and that's what you do when you do that."
"So keeping that, bringing the belly in by getting that vacuum in and shoulders down."
"You know, the consumer type of firework can be a lot of fun to any holiday or party event."
"Hi, I'm Captain Joe Bruni with over three decades of firefighting and emergency medical service experience."
"The one type of consumer firework, that seems to be the most common in the United States, is the sparkler."
Sparklers are found across the United States during holiday and party events.
"When sparklers are used, they can reach eleven hundred to eighteen hundred degrees, that's a very hot item."
"So, ensure any time sparklers are used that they are used somewhere in an open area, closely supervised by an adult, and kept away from any flammable or combustible product."
"Things such as leaves, dried grass also can create a problem even in the open area, with the sparklers, shower of sparks, and heat."
"So, remember anytime sparklers are being used, use them in an open, wide area far away from any type of combustible, or flammable product."
"It may also be a good idea to keep some type of bucket of water, or fire extinguisher handy, just in case there's a problem related to fire."
"I'm Captain Joe Bruni, stay safe and we'll see you next time."
"Some white's going to also be injected, to get some gray tones going on, especially towards the top here."
This is going to make the clothing a little more interesting.
"This is actually, somewhat, of what our subject's wearing too."
"Keep in mind, the first layer is going to be the closest to our portrait, before we then veer off into some interesting alternative directions."
"Also using media, to keep this layer thinner."
We're going to be bring this down and around the fingers here and what we're really doing is establishing tone.
"The actual colors are going to be darker than this but I greatly prefer putting some of the darker elements, over the lighter ones, in this case with clothing."
"Another thing is, we are going to have the collars, and everything here, be blue but they're going to be some black regions, in the middle here."
"So get a second flat brush, flat head here and some black and we'll start putting this on, in here."
"Lots of medium, very very thin coat here."
Very thin.
Hi!
I'm Kelli.
"We're just going to use our concealer brush and just kind of pat it on any areas of concern, any areas that we want a little bit more coverage on."
"Of course, a little bit on the eye area."
I like to use a brush because it blends it a lot better than say a sponge or even your fingers.
That just gave us a little bit of extra help just covering up any little blemishes or anything like that under the eye area.
That's how you would want to use a concealer when you're trying to achieve a perfect canvas look.
"Now that we've evened out her complexion with a foundation, we're going to go back and cover up any little areas that may need a little bit more coverage."
"That's why I like to conceal after I've done my foundation, because foundation will give you some coverage, but is not necessarily made to give you a ton of coverage on little blemishes or anything like that."
I like to conceal afterwards because I like to see what kind of coverage I can get out of foundation first.
"It's kind of unnecessary to put on a ton of makeup if you don't need it, if your foundation will do the job for you."
"Also, if you do you a little bit of concealer after your foundation, it's going to stay on a lot better for you."
"What happens a lot of times is when you apply your concealer before your foundation, it will have kind of a tendency to be wiped off as you're applying your foundation."
Applying afterwards will give you a little bit better coverage and keep your foundation on a little bit longer for you.
"Don't ask, don't tell is pretty good advice."
How do you ask a coworker out on a date?
"I do not want anyone to be aware of this at work, it's nobody's business but yours and mine, and so if you feel the same way and you'd like to see me, then I would like to see you but I do not want anyone at the office to be aware of this."
Okay.
"So when I said don't ask don't tell, that's exactly what it is."
"And you have to have a commitment, both of you, to not have anything stated."
"If the other says, well I really don't feel comfortable with that, I don't date people at work, that's it."
Never go there again.
"Get the cell phone, get the e-mail, whatever it may be, and then proceed communicating from there."
"Don't do the e-mails at work, don't do the cell phone at work, keep that distinctly apart from whatever's going to occur on the outside."
"This is Doctor Paul, author of Boomer Girls: A Boomer Woman's Guide to Men and Dating and host of Ask Doctor Paul."
"Many companies have a no fraternization policy, that means they are not interested in you dating within the company because it can cause problems."
"Now, how enforcible is that, I'm not certain."
"I'm not certain that HR knows but I know that if an issue comes up, that may be used."
"The best advice is don't ask don't tell, take it outside."
"If you find someone that you feel you're interested in dating at the office, say to that person, I would like to meet you for coffee, that's easy to chat about a few things after work, at this restaurant."
"Do not make it a bar, it's too close."
"Go to the restaurant and say look, I'm interested in you, be it male or female, and say I would like to get to know you better."
You may have been waiting for when I was going to start talking about Swiss manufactured clocks.
"The fact is, the Swiss didn't really make that many clocks."
"So there are Swiss clocks, not that many of them."
"But a much larger category of Swiss clocks, actually were small clocks that were more similar to watches in construction and size than they were to clocks."
"This is a travel clock, probably from the nineteen-twenties, made in Switzerland, but it really is just a large pocket watch essentially, that's built in to a folding case."
"So these are often in leather, sometimes in silver, but probably the bulk of Swiss clock-making would be in small clocks like this."
They're much more famous for their watch making industry.
"So, I'm often asked, ""Well, how 'bout Switzerland?"""
"You know, ""Where's all the Swiss clocks?"""
"Again, not many of them."
"They did make this style of clock, called the Neuchatel clock, it goes back to the seventeen hundreds, but they actually still make reproductions of them today."
This is a form of bracket clock.
"So when we were talking about bracket clocks before, you would know that underneath this would have been a similarly painted shelf or bracket that the clock would sit on."
"And when you buy the reproductions now is Switzerland, perhaps, they always come with that same bracket, with the same floral paintings and things going on there as well."
"Now with anything, practice makes perfect."
My cotton candy cone didn't look like this on my first try.
"It probably looked something more like this, and it just flops off the cone."
"So it's really hard at first, you have to get the hang of it."
"But before your event, plan ahead and make sure that you know what you're doing."
"Allow at least 10, 15 minutes to make sure you know what you're doing."
"And if you're really having trouble getting the cotton candy to stick to the cone, you can try using a damp cloth and just rub it right over the cone, and it will stick right on there."
Here are the pots and utensils we are going to need today.
We are going to need a saut pan or a frying pan.
We are to be using this to keep the seeds out of here.
We are going to be roasting our vegetables in this pan.
We are going to be using another one of these little containers in that we are going to make our butter and put that in to the freezer.
"We are using three bowls here. We are going to be putting flour in one, bread crumbs in another and then making an egg wash. We are going to be needing a knife, a spoon, a peeler, some measuring spoons, cutting board and because we are using chicken, we are going to be using these gloves."
We are going to be cooking our chicken in here but not all the way through.
"Later, after we sear it closed, we are going to put it on a baking sheet and finish it in the oven."
We are actually are going to be using two baking sheets today because one we are going to start off by cooking our bacon that will later go in with our potatoes.
We are going to be boiling our potatoes in here and that is why we will have this strainer.
"We are going to let them cool, cut them and then we are going to mix them with our bacon and our Parmesan cheese."
We are going to be boiling our carrots and asparagus before we go ahead and roast them.
And I have another strainer here because we are going to be soaking our artichoke hearts in lemon juice.
So we are going to put our artichoke hearts in here and we are going to squeeze our lemon right over the top.
This cocktail is called Boat Drink.
Go ahead and start off with putting your ice in your glass.
So if you like your spiced Rum a little bit sweet.
Then we're going to do two ounces of spiced Rum.
Now this is Captain Morgan.
And you are on your way.
Cheers!
"But there are a lot of spiced Rums, out there."
What is the one?
Oh!
Sailor Jerry's.
they make a good spiced Rum.
And it has a tint of a cherry flavor.
"CALAB LABARDA: Oh, hi."
"My name is Calab Labarda, I'm a third degree black belt in Taekwondo."
"You can use it, just cut those off with a saw, okay."
"Also, these ones are more hardcore, okay."
"You want to be pretty good with nunchucks before you even move on to these ones, 'cause they will knock you out, alright."
"So, when you're first starting out, you want to go ahead and use some soft, full nunchucks like these ones, okay."
"Now, the difference between that and your regular nunchuck, okay, look at the string length, okay."
These are going to be a lot faster and a lot quicker.
"These are going to be little bit slower but it delivers more of a ""umph"", okay."
"This is more of the whip, okay."
They're still both realistic.
They can use for fighting and they're both very strong.
"But this one will deliver a fast whip, okay."
"Alright, so now, I'm going to be showing you different types of nunchucks, okay."
"They're delivered for fast strikes very quickly, okay."
"Now, the kind I'm going to be using today are the full length professional nunchucks, okay."
"You can just order these online, or wherever you find them."
"I'd like to test my nunchucks out before I use them, and this is the best pair that I found."
"They're weighted, there's pins in them, and you can see, this is where you hold them, they're weighted, okay."
"The string is one, one-inch long, okay."
"And you can see the stick, this is maple wood."
It's very strong nunchuck.
It's very realistic.
It's the real thing.
"This pair right here that I have with me, are hard, Bruce Lee styled nunchucks, okay."
I can put it on my back pocket and use it as a weapon.
"Like I said before, these right here, these little, fancy, shiny pins in 'em, they're just for looks and--to make them look fancy and shiny when you spin it around, to give it some flair, okay."
"It has a chain with it, okay."
"If ever you used the chain nunchuck, make sure it's the length of your hand, okay."
That's how you pick out a good nunchuck.
"Okay, you could see right here, that two links have been removed."
"OK, we're in the process now where Tiffany's hair is actually starting to lighten."
"If you can do a mental picture of what a hair color chart would look like, where we started her hair color was somewhere in the golden tones."
We want to get her to a little bit of a blonder stage so you actually have to lighten through these stages of color until you get to the blond where you want to be.
"The biggest mistake people make is, they see this orange and they rinse it off."
You need to process through that color.
"Get all the way, you want, we're working toward the blondest, to a blonder shade so don't stop at the orange stage."
"How you would do that is, you want to check."
"We can actually see the hair lightening and it works from where we processed it first, the very underneath."
I'm going to clip some hair out of the way so I can show you what I'm talking about and we're going to see this section of hair where it's actually lightened.
"You want to take a color, excuse me, a water bottle and you, we're going to clean this off and I'll show you how this is lightened on this section of hair."
So for starters I'm going to show you all what we need.
Here I've got onion and garlic tomatoes that's just going to make everything taste better.
I guess will get started.
Oh and by the way we have a mixing bowl here because you may need one of those.
"I've got a plate of boneless, skinless chicken breast here, the frozen kind so I let them defrost."
"I've got a large onion, a medium size green bell pepper, I've got pepper, some butter and I've got a brush so you can brush our casserole dish right here, our casserole dish with a little butter."
We've got a package which is regular Ranch salad dressing.
"We've got some garlic powder, some Adobe seasoning, a little hot sauce some salt."
"Let's see we've got flour tortillas, the jumbo kind, mozzarella cheese and a fiesta blend cheese or you could use Colby-Jack."
"I've got some oil here, so we cook our chicken in our skillet."
I've got some just regular tomato salsa.
Now the thing is you really want to use a whole jar of this but if your short like I am you can just use a can of tomatoes and just grind it up in your food processor.
Today were going to make Shrimp and Scallop Fettucini with a side of garlic bread.
But this is such a great medium for it; you know to put it into a broth type of thing or a sauce.
And they just cook really gently in there and theyre just going to be so tender and sweet along with the shrimp and all your other vegetables and spices and things that youre just going to love this.
"Okay, now weve got our seafood cut up, we have some beautiful Gulf shrimp, just, just about the perfect size for this, for me, you can use some really large ones if you like."
"Weve got the great divers scallops, again you can go ahead and just use the little scallops too, the Bay scallops which are like hundreds to the pound, but I like this for texture."
Weve got a great sauce going so heres how we are going to add this.
"We have our beautiful shrimp, just grab your spoon and push it right in here and youre going to see, as they say, they have a built-in thermometer, because this is what its going to show you, theyre going to turn pink after about two to three minutes depending on how high your heat is."
"I like a nice simmer to put this in, because you really dont want to overcook these."
"And then go ahead and grab your scallops, as many as you like and just add those to the pan too."
See how beautifully white they are?
Theyre going to become opaque and again you dont want to overcook scallops either because they become tough.
So let's talk about bedroom furniture.
"In the bedroom, there are different things that go in the bedroom."
You can have a wide mirror like this again for you wide people.
"You can have a mirror that's wide, you can have a tall mirror."
"Besides the dressers, they also carry chests."
"The chest again is designed for your whites, your socks, your pants and different things."
"Again, they use this again for spacing."
"If you don't have the space, go with the dressers."
"It's a nice piece again to use that, because you've got to be able to put your clothes away."
"Besides the chest, you have night stands, which are to this side over here."
The night stands are a smaller piece.
"Again designed to put your, to put a lamp."
"You can put a dresser, which is the long dresser."
So you can see at night to read a book.
You can actually put again your whites and different things in there.
"A dresser is used to put your whites, your t-shirts, your pants."
Don't put anything to heavy because the drawers again are not designed to put anything that heavy.
"But the dressers design again, is to hold accessory pieces to make it look good."
"Designed to put your perfumes, colognes."
You also with the dresser can put a mirror.
If you like that mirror to see yourself to see how good looking you are in the mirror.
So you have the mirror here design.
"The easier the leg moves, the more comfortable the dog will be."
Sometimes they'll be comfortable enough to lay down in the middle of the process.
"Sometimes it's easier, actually, to start this massage with the animal in the laying down position, then he can just relax while you're doing it."
"My name is Pete Bailey, Skyline Thinning Company."
I own and operate the company.
And so I take the safety end of it as very good the way we're training our own people.
"I say we've got a pretty good program set up with our company because thinning it's hard to train someone new because they're really like, the choker fetter days are kind of over."
And it's so specialized that I can come up with a helper job for the hook tender.
The hook tender he's setting up all the roads.
"But you'll need to take that count and a good rule of thumb for a party is like this, is to double the amount of people that have confirmed, so anyone that has said, ""Hey, I'm coming, I'm bringing two friends."""
"So there's three people, and you're going to want to count them as six people instead of just the three, and that way it will give you a good idea of how many drinks to have, and how many plates and napkins and cups, and how much food, so if you plan that way, then it will be great."
Hi.
And you kind of have to play with this a little bit to get it perfect.
"So, you kind of push down the fabric on the top, pin that in place and then come around to the front and look at how it looks."
And this will determine how much more you need to push it in to place.
And the whole point is you want to line up the fabric so that they both meet in the center but that they're equal distances apart.
So in this case the bottom's a little bit too far out.
So we're going to take it in a little bit.
So in this clip we're going to take our bound button hole and we're going to be pressing on the wrong side as well as pinning it.
So once you turn it inside out it looks like this.
And now what we're going to do is press it.
Go ahead and take your iron and you just want to press it kind of flat.
Get out any crinkles.
So now what you're going to be doing is pushing the fabric inward a little bit so that both the top and the bottom are even.
So turn it to the wrong side and just fold up the fabric just a little.
And you want to take some pins and go ahead and pin it in please.
"So you're probably wondering what does that mean? When you see a booth in a mall and you see those bags that look just like every other high fashion ten thousand dollar bags and you're like ""wow!"
This bag's only fifty dollars!
"I can buy it right now and it will look just like theirs!"""
"Well, the truth is, it really doesn't and you can tell the difference and you don't want to buy the bag from the center booth because it's copying the other designers."
You can buy a bag just as nice as the bags that are really expensive over at like a medium retailer department store that's only fifty dollars and you're not copying anything.
"There are denim bags, there are anything. You don't have to buy fake bags. You don't, because there are always other options."
One of the things is that people think that you have to keep your dog on the same side at all times.
This is not true.
"I have, I walk several dogs at a time and I can mix them up any way I want and change who walks next to who and however I want to do it because I am the pack leader and I get to decide what it is I want to do with the dogs."
"Also the dog's head can go past your leg, but if his shoulders are getting past your leg when you're walking then he's too far ahead and he's going to start feeling like he's leading you, he's leading you and he's in charge."
And the important thing to know is that in a pack of dogs there's only one pack leader and everybody else is a follower.
So if he's ahead of you then your the follower and that's not what we want.
"We want them to obey us, and be submissive to us."
Now we're ready to go ahead and give our best at the tryout.
"You're going to do your stunts together, jump separate and tumble separate."
Usually you're going to start out with the cheer.
"When you go into the room, you need to be prepared to answer questions."
"Things we talked about earlier, your coach may ask you, why are you here?"
Why do want to cheer?
You need to be confident.
You need to be able to deliver your answer.
"You also just need to make sure that you're friendly because you're going to be spending a lot of time with these coaches, these captains."
And you just want to be a person that other people want to be around.
You're also going to be an active role model for your school.
Now you're usually only going to be in the room for about five minutes so you have to make sure to give it your all.
Once you're ready to go in you'll be given a number by the judges.
It's better to go ahead and show the coach that you can do them than not to try it at all.
"So now that we've performed, we definitely want to say thank you on our way out, our time it up, and clear the floor for someone else's turn to go ahead."
"You need to make sure you have this number tightly secured, it also needs to be visible."
Safety pins are an OK way to get it on.
So it tape.
"You just don't want it to fall off, because this is how the judges are going to be able to give you your score."
You're usually going to be put in a group of about three girls.
You're going to do the cheer together.
I'm Dr. Joe Neely.
I practice with the Barton Oaks Dental Group.
"The second alternative to dentures would be to put an implant, a root tooth substitute in the bone, put a ball attachment on top of it, put the female portion of the ball attachment into a denture and then have that denture snap into place to where now the denture is supported actually by the bone."
The other two anchors that are here.
The only other alternative to dentures is nothing.
Simply wearing nothing for teeth at all.
We're going to talk about what the alternatives to dentures are.
"The three alternatives to wearing removable dentures would be first, to do a bridge, to use the teeth on either side of the missing teeth, to support a single unit that bridges the gap between those teeth, depending on the size of the teeth on either side of the missing teeth."
"Sometimes one tooth on either side is adequate or the teeth are very small, which in this case they are."
It would be necessary to have support from a couple of different teeth.
"If you can think of the fact that once this is in place, these four teeth right here will do the work of six."
If you were to go all the way from cuspid to cuspid these two teeth could probably do the work of six.
But it's very unlikely that these two small teeth here could do the work of four.
So that's a fixed bridge.
"Today, we are going to learn how to make gourmet coffee in your home."
You want to make sure that you're in a seal-tight container and then just put it in an area that is going to be roughly at household temperature around 72 degrees.
You can leave it there.
I would suggest having coffee for more than two weeks after it's opened.
"If you buy these already sealed bags of the whole beans, you're going to be fine for keeping that for a while."
"But once you opened it, that's when you need to be careful about how long you let it sit on your shelf."
"In this clip, I'm going to tell you a little bit about saving coffee and what's going to make your coffee taste best."
"When you buy it, normally buy it whole bean."
Don't go for the already preground stuff.
"You can get that at--like if you're going to a coffee shop or even if you buy a grinder, that's going to be your best bet like for that."
"So then you can bring it home, grind it yourself so you're going to have that fresh-ground taste."
"Also when you buy it, don't store it out in just anywhere, especially the freezer."
That's going to create moisture in the coffee bean and it's going to dry it out.
You don't want to leave that out though to open air.
What I'll be demonstrating here is bicep incline dumbbell curls.
"And, what you're going to do is put your bench on an incline."
"You want to keep doing about three to about eight ten to reps. And, if you wanted to you can switch it up and you can do hammers inclined dumbbell curls."
"And, then pretty much doing the same thing that you would do if you were standing or sitting as curling the dumbbell."
Still giving it a good flex of the bicep when you bring it up.
Flex it.
"This action's a little harder, only because you're at an incline."
"So, when you bring it down you still want to control the weight."
"Because, you're at an incline that weight is kind of forcing itself down a little faster."
"When you bring it up, again you want to keep putting tension on that bicep."
"And, you can go ahead and alternate it or you can go ahead and do it at the same time."
What I'm doing now is I'm just focusing on the 2 areas that are very helpful to us in our everyday live which is our hands and our feet.
We don't realize how much tension we carry in our hands and also so much in our palms as well.
So what I'm going to do is I'm just going to do a little stretch that I will show you as well.
"I'm just going to press and pull out, press and pull out, and I do this to my self all the time and it just stretches the thumb and allows it to have more mobility and range in motion."
You are totally in control like I said with the pressure with as far if it hurts just by the light touch just start there and work the muscle.
You don't want to extend the pressure cause then you muscle would lock up and tighten up the tension that you already have.
Keeping the arms absolutely still bring the fingers back towards you.
Pull as tight as you can through the forearm and then slowly like you are pushing through mud press the knuckles away from you and curl your fingernails towards the lower part of your wrist keeping those arms straight.
Flex it back towards you.
"Really pull in, in, in, in."
"Shoulders down, abs pulled in, and push it away from you."
Knuckles scrape against a wall and curl in as tight as you can into your own wrist.
And then extend them.
Reach your hands down straight towards the floor and release and relax.
Do about ten of those to really strengthen the forearms and stretch the forearms.
"And basically what this is, is a brief overview of what is going to be in the report."
"It's not a full page, it's not three pages."
It's a paragraph.
Sum up in one paragraph what the highlights of this report are.
"Let's say someone doesn't have time to take a look at your whole report at this particular time, or maybe not even ever."
What would be the major points that you would want them to see and know that are in that report.
"What would be the information, that could possibly peak their interest to further examine your report."
That is what is going to be on this page.
"Now this is different than what we've written earlier in an earlier page, where we've, you know, talked about, this is why we wrote the report, these are the highlights of the report."
This is this is a little bit different.
"This is think and terms of, if you had ten lines or less, ten sentences or less to tell me what this 10, 20, 30, 40 page report is about, do it."
And that's all it is.
This segment is on the power down swing.
"Once again, you could be in a great position at the top of your back swing for a long drive and then wimp it to the ball and you're not going to hit the ball to your full potential."
"So your power down swing after a power back swing, intent, use everything, and let the ball determine the angle that you're going to swing, natural and hard."
What is a power down swing?
"Well number one, it's intent, meaning , I want to hit a long drive, I just don't want to be smooth, so that's part of it, is intent."
"Another part of it is to make sure that you're using everything that you have, your hands, your arms, your body, your intent, you're using everything."
"And you're using everything hard, you want to hit the ball far."
"So just because you use everything, could be weak."
What swing plane should you use on your power down swing?
"Let the ball determine that because if you're thinking where you want to be, you're going to lose some natural strength."
That's going to sap some strength away.
"Now if you look at the way this is set up, this is one of your newer setups as far as shower goes."
"You have a valve here which is your on and off and your temperature control, we have a diverter here because in this shower I have a regular shower head above and I have a sunflower on the other wall so you can actually run them both at the same time or one or the other."
This one on the end is a flow rate valve and this is a water saver so you can crank it up if you really want to get a great burst of water or you can cool it down while you are shaving.
It will save some water and do good for the planet and that is how we are set up in here.
This one right here is the valve we are interested in and this has to come off.
Now I am going to show you how to do that.
We are going to take this apart and we are going to fix it.
"So, now Katie and I are going to be showing you how to do Shivasina, or Final Relaxation, or Corpse Pose, for women in their second trimester of pregnancy."
You'll practice this at the end of your practice.
"It's a wonderful way to relax, and to maybe meditate a little bit, on connecting with your growing baby, so Katie, go ahead and roll onto your back, and start to stretch the legs out in front."
"What we're going to do, is lift your right hip, and place this blanket, right under that right hip, and then go ahead and relax the legs."
"What we're going to do, is slide this bolster right under your knees, so lifting the knees, and sliding the bolster right under."
And I'm using a stick and a half of unsalted butter.
You can see this is really room temperature.
You don't want it melted.
I mean we still want some solidness to it.
But we definitely want it soft.
"And my beautiful sugar and I'm going to pour that into the bowl, lower my bowl and lock it in."
"I want to start it sort of slow speed, till it starts to incorporate the sugar and then bring it up to about a medium speed."
"And I'm looking for it to change to a light, pale yellow color and to look well blended."
"And when we get there, I'll show you what that looks like."
But you'll kind of see it come together.
"It goes from this solid little clumpy thing to what's starting to be a batter, like a cookie batter."
"Ooh there's another good thing, cookie batter. Yum. I'm thinking you'd do this for about a minute, a minute and a half at the most."
So this is about the consistency that I'm looking for.
"Going to stop it for a minute, open it up and you can see."
Kind of sticky mix.
"And then at about the same medium speed, I'm going to add my eggs one at a time."
Just make sure you're not using the whisk attachments.
You want to use a paddle attachment.
"We talked about blood pressure, and changes in blood pressure with exercise, and now we want to talk a little bit about the oxygen delivery system, and how your body gets accustomed to exercise, and why this is important."
As you exercise; your body becomes more efficient at delivering oxygen to the tissues.
"Their heart doesn't have to work as hard to deliver that blood and oxygen to the tissues, because their tissues have become more efficient at converting oxygen into energy."
"This represents a red blood cell, and on each red blood cell there are typically four oxygen molecules."
Your hearts job is to deliver those red blood cells to the tissues needed to create energy.
"This basically represents that red blood cell, and as you exercise the tissues become more efficient at utilizing these oxygen molecules, and the tissues also become more efficient at creating energy from these molecules."
That's important for cardiovascular function.
"As you can see in this model, there are blood vessels going to the heart, and the heart also needs to become more efficient at utilizing these oxygen molecules, because if it doesn't have oxygen those tissues will starve and die, just like any other tissue of the body."
"As you exercise more, your heart, and all the other tissues of your body become more efficient at utilizing the oxygen for creating energy."
"We're not quite sure of the exact mechanism of how this works, but we do know that with exercise you get more efficient at utilizing the oxygen."
That's why athletes have lower heart rates.
"If you want to, you can get a heat resistant work surface at like--I guess you can go to a hardware store or lumberyard and get like a concrete fiber board, something like that, or you could go to a--lot of craft stores will sell like a metal heat-resistant work surface that's used for like working with lamp work, with glass and that kind of thing."
"So yeah, workbench that's about the right size, you can have your soldering iron there, you want to be near an electrical outlet where you can put the soldering iron and have enough space to work."
You need a table that you can kind of clear away and kind of have you work right in front of you.
"What I've got here is--it's about the right size, maybe a little bit small because I have a bunch of things on it right now."
"I might not normally have everything that I use for circuit bending on the table at one time and I've just kind of done that here because we're making these videos, but you do want a space that kind of a nice space you can clear and put your project in front of you, a place where your soldering iron is handy."
"If you're right handed you put it over here, if you're left handed you put it over there, kind of obvious."
Whatever the material that the workbench is made out of is kind of important.
"This one's made out of wood which means I want to be kind of maybe extra careful about where my soldering iron is and make sure it's in the stand, right?"
Or in the standalone stand so that I don't burn my workbench.
"And the same is true for other materials, one thing that you can get for a highly combustible surfaces like a wooden surface is."
And it doesn't matter what's this corn bread looks like.
"It's going to be broken up and throw into our bigger dish anyway, so it doesn't matter what it looks like."
"and I like the shallow dish, the big shallow dish because it get baked so quickly so I don't have to wait that long for corn bread to cook."
"It doesn't take that long anyway, but just is so nice and fast."
I'm going to set that aside now that is all grease up and let's turn to our ingredients.
I need two cups of corn meal.
They make yellow corn meal and white corn meal.
I have yellow.
"Ahh, recipes can vary between the yellow and the white, so pay attention to that."
"Ahh, most times when you just buy the corn meal, it will have the recipe right on the box on how to make the corn bread."
"I already put mine in my in my canester, so we'll talk it out together."
"I just entered a cup, I couldn't quite figure out."
"So I'm going to make sure I got two cups of this in there Maybe enough, add a litle bit more because I put in there under a cup both times."
Let's see that's about right and that's it.
Excellent.
That's the start of our corn bread.
"Add one big egg, I already have my egg in here."
I'm just going go ahead and get that pour in there.
There we go.
We can put that aside and I do need a cup of more ingredients.
We're gonna start mixing this together before we add everything else
And corn meal gets sticky easily.
"So, ahh, pour give it on there and then I will rub it all around, and I 'm using a very white shallow dish."
"Is getting on it and I dripped it over there, we'll get that later."
"All around, yeah, I put plenty in there."
that's good.
"Alright, I cleared out all edges."
"To get them out of the way, and especially in a smaller space, so that they wouldn't break."
They didn't have a chance of breaking.
So I went ahead and thought about what pictures I wanted to put where.
And it's important that you place your furniture before you put your pictures up on the wall.
"Just because a lot of times that, those two things inform each other."
So the third thing that I did was to unload my kitchen.
And I've been moving in for a day already.
"So this was, these were the first boxes that I chose to unpack."
"Obviously because the kitchen is something that you use everyday, and that you're going to need to use a lot."
"And so, so I unpacked my kitchen first."
Then the second room that I'm going to be unpacking is my living space.
Putting the books up on the shelves.
And my reason for that is just to get the boxes out of the central placed area of my house.
"So, the order that I like to do things in is, the first thing I like to do is to place my furniture."
"Or to somewhat place my furniture, how I think it's going to be."
"So you can see behind me, I've placed my shelves here."
"That was, you know, when I brought in the shelves I put them there."
I had thought about it beforehand.
I put my couch over here and put some other pieces of furniture in my living room and placed them.
"After I did that, the second thing that I did was to hang pictures."
"Thinking about bike workouts as you progress from the easiest to the hardest, one real basic workout, I do them on Mondays and Fridays, is an easy ride."
And on the bike you always want to maintain between 80 and 100 rpms.
"That's something that you can do on your triathlon bike, and that can help get you into the aero position."
"Some of the long rides, especially in the base period, can be done on a road bike, or with groups."
"But as you get into the pre-competitive period, the cruise intervals, basically what you're doing is a lactate threshold interval."
"So you're getting at a 40K time trial pace and holding it for say, ten minute blocks with short blocks of recovery."
"As you move in deeper into the pre-competitive period, or even into the race season, you can do more intensive speed work intervals such as three-by-threes, three repeats of three minutes, typically with equal amounts of rest."
Or five-by-fives and you can progress from that smaller block to the bigger block.
"Actually the opportunity to interview George Hincapie, who is the only rider that was on all seven of Lance Armstrong's Tour De France winning teams, and asked him about the biggest bang for the buck workouts, and he said hill repeats."
"I mean, when you're pressed for time, do your warm up and go up and do hill repeats."
"And he even said if he contrasted the training he did for the classics with the tour, the only difference was the length of the climbs."
"When you're doing the one day races you do lots of short steep power climbs, and for the extended races, you do longer more gradual seated kind of climbing."
Many tri-athletes make the error of trying to push too big of a gear.
The same could be said for triathlon.
So tailor those efforts that you do in those intervals to the kind of racing you're doing to do to the kind of train you're going to do.
"If you're doing a longer or a half iron man race, such as iron man in Canada or Pacific Crest that has some longer grades, do some extended climbing intervals."
"But great bang for the buck workout, climbing intervals."
"So on those easy days you can think about technique, think about not rocking your hips in the saddle, think about having a smooth pedal stroke and pedal in circles, just smooth efficient circles."
So that's your basic starting point for training are those easy days.
"Moving on in intensity, we have what we call extensive endurance, where you do a lot of extensive endurance in the base period."
"They're longer rides, they're not real difficult."
"Your heart rate is on the lower end of the aerobic spectrum, 65-70% of max, and you work for an extended period of time."
"As you get closer to the race period, those become more intensive endurance where the overall duration is probably shorter, but you'll work at a little bit higher level."
"During the pre-competitive period, a real valuable bike workout is to do what we call cruise intervals."
ALVIN DEDEAUX: The next thing you're going to learn is false casting.
And false casting is basically any time you don't put the line down on the water.
That's a false cast.
"So you can false cast for drying your line out or whatever, but basically that's a false cast any time you don't put it on the water."
"This back and forth, back and forth that means I'm false casting."
And you just want to remember that it's the same as the regular cast you're just not putting it down.
You're just not letting it hit the water on the back cast or on the forward cast.
So I'm false casting.
My name is Anthony Maddaloni and I am going to be talking about how to create a photographer's resume.
So one of the things that you want to do as a photographer in a resume is highlight your experience.
"I have read resumes at jobs that I have held when I am looking to employ someone and I really, as kind of cold as it sounds I don't want to read a biography about someone's life."
I just want to see what they do and then I want to see if I want to call them up and see how they act.
That is one way that I would make a photographic resume.
That is one way that I would keep at a minimum of two pages.
Sometimes I craft different resumes to different jobs I am applying for.
I actually prefer to keep it to one page and I would also encourage people to list references.
I find references to be extremely valuable and I also take a lot of time to call my references and let them know that I am going to be using them as a reference and that if someone calls them to please call me so I know that the person you are giving your resume to is generally interested in you.
That is one way that I would make a photographic resume.
Fortunately for me almost every type of photography job I've had has been very similar and so my resume tends to show a nice amount of consistency to it which to be kind of honest with you most photographers don't tend to have.
"I've been pretty lucky in fact I have stuck with one thing which is photographing people for a pretty long time, photographing events, documenting events."
Now there are so many different types of photography that you can create different types of resumes.
"Say you can have a commercial studio photography resume and documentary style photography resume but one thing that is basic resume, 101 so to speak."
"You want to have your name, your address, your mailing address, your phone number, a lot of times I put an e-mail too."
"Bring your chair to your left side and open up into the pose, Extending in all directions."
"Now, turn your left foot."
Look at your left foot turning.
"Let the toes point to the left, and now bring your left hand down to that chair, right arm up."
"As youre turning your gaze up to the hand or straight ahead, you can even bring your right hand to your hip."
"Roll the shoulders back, take a few breaths in your triangle pose."
"Finish your exhale and up with an inhale, back into start and come back to mountain before doing the other side."
Coming into the sanuk.
We're going to be doing first the back of the leg massage.
It's not too hard.
It's not too gentle.
"You can feel the muscles in the back of the leg releasing, relaxing the more you do it."
Going up and down as many times as you need to feel that relaxation coming into your client.
"And then to come out of this you pick up, pick up, steady yourself, and just release the leg down."
There's a nice little comfortable way to come into this because I'm going to have a leg underneath her hip.
So first I'm going to fold up this leg closest to me.
"I'm going to lift up the knee, change hands, steady myself, as I lift I'm rolling underneath her."
I'm going to do a rolling pin on the back of the legs.
So literally just roll the back of the legs with the rolling pin arms.
Back and forth.
Back and forth.
This feels really nice.
It gets a lot of traffic in this area.
To get the maximum amount of juice from the lemon first we would roll the lemon for a few seconds and then cut the lemon in half.
"If you don't have a juicer just use a regular fork, punch it in the middle of the lemon and we can squeeze most of the amount of juice out of the lemon."
We would repeat the same procedure with the other half of the lemon or a lime.
I lot of people don't have a juicier and we don't necessarily have to have one to get the juice out of the lemon.
At this point there is still a lot of pits in the juice so we would use the strainer to get the pit and the excess flesh of the juice and we would have clean lemon or lime juice for the dipping sauce and filling.
All right more features about the table saw.
"I think it is a great safety feature, these saws."
"Here is one of my favorite ones that is often times on jobs we will be doing work, we will have to take our materials we are working with and put them up and leave the saw unattended and we don't want to leave it where someone could walk up to it and come up and turn it on."
God forbid something happens to them.
This switch is the on and off switch.
"If you notice I can pick it up and nothing is happening, that is because the key is not in."
This is the key.
Once you put the key in you are able to turn it on and off.
We don't have it connected to the power yet because we are showing you safety features.
A lot of times this is a good idea to use your shroud.
"Now that we have our skis put on appropriately, and we have our correct size poles match up, the next thing to do is learning how to actually Nordic ski."
Learning the correct technique.
And each time you do that you sort of push off and kick up your heel and push off that way.
And just sort of like your doing a forward moon walk in your socks in the kitchen.
"The really wonderful thing about Nordic skiing is it's a great sport that people enjoy doing, and look forward to it every winter in the snow."
It's also great exercise because you're getting a full body workout.
"You're using your arms, your legs, and your core as well."
A lot of people wonder what's the appropriate way to move my feet and arms when I Nordic ski.
Patrick is going to demonstrate that.
"You want to swing both your opposite foot and arm in front of you, and push off."
"And the way I like to describe it is, remember when you were a little kid and you'd run through your mom's kitchen with your socks on and slide around."
That's all your doing.
One of my absolute favorite things to do in the world is to buy a plane ticket somewhere and have no particular plans.
I think that that's the ultimate adventure.
Listen to your fellow travelers.
Ask your friends for advice.
Go to the thorn tree on lonely planet.
There's a pluther of knowledge out there and every things a click away.
"Whenever you are at your destination, you can go to tourist agencies in centers of town, airports, train stations, and they can set you up with whatever you need."
"If you are arriving to a place where there's a big festival going on, if you're going to the love parade, or carnival, then definitely be responsible and plan ahead if you actually want a bed to sleep in that night, or be ready to party all night long or sleep on the streets."
I've done all of the above and they're definitely pros and cons to all of them.
"If you are a by the books planner, then get a travel agent or book things ahead of time and be responsible."
"You know how you like to travel, you know if you like to wing it or not."
"I think it's an amazing thing to never know where you're going, who you're going to meet or what train you're going to catch."
"Although, I would say there are some things that you need to know before you go."
"First of all, we've already discussed, read up on it."
"Know what you're doing, know about the culture, have an idea of what you're in for."
"I also like to book a hotel where I'm going to land for a couple of days just to have a plan and just get situated, get over jet lag."
It's somewhat of an orientation of where I am.
"Recently, I just went to Bannock, Thailand."
I had been on the plane for 20 hours and delirious with no sleep.
I arrived in Bannock at one in the morning and I was so happy that heated the advice of a man I randomly met getting my oil changed in Los Angeles who told me to go to this particular guest house.
The last thing we need to do before we start applying makeup is involving the hair.
"Now, when was the last time you saw The Hulk with a nice part and a comb-over?"
"There's no flip, you know, or any other modern fashion sense going on here."
"I mean, it's very much, you know, so something wetting down, and it's just coming down over the forehead."
That's fine.
I recommend very strongly doing this before you apply makeup.
"It's a lot easier to get the makeup underneath here, rather than have water and gel going on with your hair when you're already been transferred into a green Goliath."
Another option to keep in mind: hair color spray.
"Now, I do not think this is necessary for your Hulk makeup, but I put it out there as an option."
"You can get dark green or even black hair color, and put it on your whole costume."
"So basically add it for you hair color, but again, it's only an option."
Only if you want to go the extra mile.
"Um, yeah, you don't see that ever."
"The Hulk's hair is more crazy, going in a million different directions."
"You know, he's raw."
He's savage.
"So, what I recommend you do is you get yourself some gel, and you start applying it to your hair, to kind of get that-be a little bit more, I don't know, a little more childlike in a way."
The Hulk is very simple.
So you can see here we've already done this on our hair.
"It doesn't have to be going in a million directions, but you can do that, but as you know it's sloping down."
"Alright, so now we're getting pretty good at rocking that torso."
"There's a lot of fun things that you can do while torso hooping, but you really need to make sure that you have momentum when doing these things."
"Alright, go ahead and give that a shot."
"One way to get momentum is, as I'm hooping to the left, I'm going to push with my left shoulder."
Push into the hoop to really get that hoop rocking because what we're going to do now is take this move down to the floor.
"So as I'm hooping, I'm going to bend my right knee, drop down to my butt."
"Woo, you can see the hoop likes to fall."
"If that happens, you can bring it to your neck, drop one shoulder in and the other, and there you are wrapping the torso on your knees."
"If this starts to get weird or wonky, take your hand, lift the hoop up, and then if you want you could lean back with the hoop in lasso or from lasso, stand back up, take the hoop back to the torso and rock out here again."
"Once again from the torso to take it down to the floor, bend your right knee, drop down to your left, get that momentum going hooping around the chest."
"If you get tired, lift up then you can play with the lasso down on the floor."
"You have just finished writing a short story, and you think, maybe I should copyright this to protect myself, but how do you do that."
"Hello, I'm Robert Todd, and I'm here to answer the question, how do I obtain a copyright?"
Well the first thing I would direct you to doing is going to the website of the U.S.
"Copyright Office, which can be found at, www.copyright.gov, which will answer most of your questions."
"Remember that a copyright is a constitutional guarantee of the authorship of a work of art, or medium of expression, it covers both published and unpublished works, but it's a very specialized area, and if you don't know what you're doing, you can get into a lot of trouble."
"I would recommend that after you go to the website and you look at the questions, that you consider hiring a specialist who works in copyrights."
"I'm Beau Timken, master sake sommelier."
"About six years ago, when I opened my store, True Sake, I had to develop; it's a store that's dedicated to selling sake, I had to develop a system that would allow people, or kind of disarm them, to describe what kind of sakes they like."
You can definitely achieve those flavors and those textures and those components in that category.
"So, we're using the taste match system."
"If you feel like you want something where you would have a food that you would throw a white wine at, specifically like a Sauvignon Blanc, something like seafood or shellfish, same thing goes with Ginjo sake."
"So again, if you want to think in terms of light, clean, compact, aromatic; if you like that in your wines; white; I'm not talking about big, beefy reds, and I'm not talking about super fruity wines either; kind of the neutral in between wines."
That is the same category overlap that you would have with Ginjo style sake.
And the best way to do that is I would speak to their; I would have them speak to their beer and wine profiles.
"And basically, everybody is comfortable talking to what they like in a wine and a beer, and then what we can do is we can overlap that into different styles and categories of sake."
"Now Ginjo, in specif, specifically is geared towards people who like lighter, softer, cleaner wines. Now, taste match is a system that if if you like a big Sauvignon Blanc, a big dirty Zinfandel, and you like big Belgian's or big stouts, you generally aren't going to like the same sake maybe as somebody who likes a Sauvignon Blanc and a Kiran beer."
"Those are cleaner, lighter, compact flavors."
"Well, guess what?"
"In the sake world, the cleaner, lighter flavors are in sort of the Ginjo category, and what I'll recommend; when people come in, they say, well, I kind of like a lighter white wine; I'd like a, like a Sauvignon Blanc, I like not a super oaky Chardonnay; it's got some body to it; I like ales; kind of clean beers."
Then Ginjo is definitely kind of your zone.
"So, being able to paint a face with acrylics, just a basic proportion face, is, is going to be really good , if you do it enough so that you're really comfortable with just getting proportions right."
"It will really help in the future with your different painting compositions and, and what you're working on."
"First of all, when you really are comfortable and familiar with the bone structure and the muscles that are going on in a face and you are able to draw it, that's when you should go in to, in to trying to paint it."
"And, once you've done it a couple times, you, you really are comfortable with just putting, rendering a face with paints."
"You know where you're going to be starting and how you want to progress throughout the painting, in order to get the complete and finished painting of the face."
"So, it's just good to practice getting down everything proportionately."
Hi!
Once our first coat of paint has completely dried we need to know need to go back and look for areas that may not have been fully covered on our first coat.
The key to this is looking at your first coat where you've painted and looking for areas for where they might white showing from underneath.
For our second coat we are going to do the same process we did for our first coat we are going to get plenty paint on our roller and make even strokes when rolling out our paint.
Typically two coats should be more then enough to cover your wall.
"A lot of times the linebackers can make the right reads, they can step up in the proper gaps, they can do all the right things, they can shed the blocks, but they have to make sure they finish off the tackles properly."
"If the running back is able to keep his feet moving and get lower leverage, he'll take our linebacker and push him for a positive gain."
We want to hit him and push for a negative gain.
This is what it looks like live when you have a proper tackling technique (video demo).
"He came in, he hit low and made a good stop in the backfield and he finished off the tackle giving no hope to our running back."
"If not, all that other hard work was for nothing."
"So, what we want to talk about is how to come up in that gap, break down, stay low, and make a good hit."
"(video demo) He's going to attack his gap, he's going to meet the blocker head on."
The first thing he has to do is get low and shed that block.
Once he sheds the block he has to take on this guy.
He wants his head to the outside and he wants to hit the running back low.
He doesn't want to come up and make a high hit on a running back because a running back will bounce off of him.
"Once he's hit low, he wants to wrap up, keep his feet moving and drive through the tackle."
Hi everybody I'm John Graden from the Martial Arts Teacher's Association.
Today I want to talk to you for just a few moments about rhythm in fighting.
The danger with a flowing kind of rhythm is that it can become kind of predictable.
"So if you are like me and you are kind of a flowing rhythmic fighter you are going to make sure that you are always sticking in little fakes, little feints to throw your opponent's aim off, throw their set point off."
So here's an example of where you can use rhythm to your advantage.
Watch this.
Joining me from Pro Star Mixed Martial Arts is Mr. Joe Brignoli.
This is a sneaky trick.
This is a rhythm drill.
"Let's say that as we are moving around I sucker him into a false rhythm, just kind of hold your ground."
"So we are moving and I'm going to go in and out, one, and I'm going to go in and out two, and I'm going to go in, bang, fake out and step in."
So I have used a broken rhythm.
"As you become, as you gain more experience as a coach and as a fighter you start to sense various rhythms with fighters."
"This was first developed by Bruce Lee, taught to Joe Louis, who taught it to me and I'm teaching it to you so you have got a good family tree."
Watch this again.
"This is a broken rhythm attack, in and out, in and out, in, fake out pow, fire, right and left, right and left, fake right, go left so learn your rhythm, learn to ascertain the rhythm of your opponent and then get sneaky with it."
That is called a broken rhythm attack.
I'm John Graden.
For information contact me at johngraden.com.
Thanks.
Some rhythms are very complimentary and some are the exact opposite.
For instance some fighters have what I call a spastic rhythm about them.
"They're just kind of, they're all over the place."
You know if you were trying to shoot them it is kind of hard to get them.
Often they are out of position though.
A lot of guys that are real spastic are rarely in good position to be able to fire.
Other guys and I think I'm included in this have a much more flowing kind of rhythm.
"Right here, I am showing you a version of a sleeve that we call a long tabbed sleeve."
"Oh, very creative and inventive."
"And, typically it's going to button."
You're going to have a button hole and a button.
"And, the tab is going to come from the inside going out or outside going in."
It really doesn't matter.
"This one, we'll do inside going out."
"And, you would take the fabric which we'll gather it."
"Tab it, button it and then you have your fitted sleeve."
"But, it does have a little bit of umph down in the bottom."
"Because, the tab creates a tighter closure."
Huh?
"Because, that's exactly what it is."
"It's a long sleeve that's fitted, like I showed you a fitted sleeve."
"Or, you could do it a little bit looser."
I've shown a fitted sleeve with the seam lines down the center of each.
"But, remember the center isn't the center necessarily on your drawing."
"Because, you have to think about where the center is on the body and then put that into your drawing."
"So we have, what makes it a tabbed sleeve is the fact that at the wrist line there is a tab."
"Hi, this is Sean Hobson."
"Right now we're working with our post players, giving them some moves that they can use to be successful and be scorers in our offense."
"So you're going to pivot, fake, step through with the same foot you pivoted with, power dribble, hop, and score."
You might want to right that down and go through those sequences together.
We're going to show you what it looks like at full speed here.
"All right, here we go."
"Good, shot fake, takes it to the hole, and scores it."
And that's called the up and under move.
That move alone right there will separate good players from the lower players.
"So if you can learn that move, you're going to be at the higher caliber of all the centers."
One move we're going to talk about right now is called the up and under move.
"And usually this is used when the defender is playing on the bottom side, and he's forcing this guy to turn into the middle, because he knows that he's already got a good drop step, so we're trying to take his drop step away and make him one dimensional, which means that this post player's going to have to catch the ball and he's going to have to spin inside to face the basket because the bottom side is taken away."
"So, we've got a move called the up and under move."
"So what he's going to do this time is he's going to catch the ball, we're going to kind of walk through this together."
"He's going to catch the ball, he's going to spin first of all and face up the basket."
"Now when he does that, this guy's going to jump out to block his shot."
"What he's going to do then with the same foot that he pivoted with, he's going to pivot around, he's going to shot fake him, as this guy shot fakes and gets off balance, then he's going to step through with the same foot, and he can power dribble now, power dribble, get that other foot and a hop so that he can face up and he can make that shot."
"It's kind of a complicated move, but if you work at it slow and then speed it up, you become much better at it."
"Lots of vodkas, lots of decisions. But what's the best. How are you, my name is Jeff Klein and I am a vodka connoisseur and bartender here at Beak's Old Florida in St. Pete."
"But if you are thinking what's the best without going too high but I still want to spend some money, great flavor, very important to me, mixes with anything, I'm going to say Belvedere."
"Belvedere to me is a great vodka, little on the higher end but very distinct crisp flavor."
"And if to you the best vodka is getting no hangover, I'm going to say stick with Absolute."
"Absolute and water, guaranteed no hangover the next day."
"So my name is Jeff Klein vodka connoisseur, bartender here at Beak's Old Florida and that, those are the best vodkas."
And I'm here to tell you what's the best vodka.
Now that in and of itself is a bit of a loaded question.
For me the best vodka flavor taste if money is no issue would be Chopin vodka.
A beautiful potato vodka from Poland.
"But if that's not what you consider the best, then maybe you are thinking what's the best for the price."
To me best for the price is going to be Skyy vodka.
"Inexpensive very flavorful, easily accessible."
"The question was asked, how to create a bat speed in hitting. Well one of the things we need to do then to make sure that we have the strongest body possible, so we need to get in the workout room and work on our body to make sure that we have all the strength that we can muster with the body that the good Lords given us."
"To do that we're going to take a toe touch, and once the heel is planted, this back knee is going to start to turn."
"As the bat knee turns it's still ahead of the bat, and as we start the bat to the ball it's going to be we're going to be completely rotated by the time we get the knob to the ball in a position of bat lag."
"We need to have this back foot perpendicular with the ground on our toe, this front side firm and straight with our front knee, and this back knee bent in the knee behind knee position."
"This extra use of our lower body and core section will help us with our bat velocity, our bat speed."
"So make sure that you use your lower half and your core section throughout your swing, and you get in the appropriate sequence."
"But we're basically going to go, we're going to take a negative move to gain some momentum, we're going to make a toe touch, heel plant, bat lag, contact, palm up palm down, with our arms still slightly flexed, throw the bat to position of extension, about chest high, and finish above our shoulder."
"The lower the pitch, the higher we're going to finish, the higher the pitch, the lower we're going to finish."
"But make sure that when you're trying to create bat speed, that you make sure that you use your lower section of your body to create extra force and extra bat speed."
"The combined use of your entire body, especially getting this back knee turned and your back hip through, will create more bat velocity."
And that's how you create more bat speed in hitting.
The other thing that we need to do is be able to use our entire body during the swing.
"That creates more velocity in the bat, and also creates more force."
The force and the velocity combined makes the ball go further.
"There's several things to note when we consider batting speed, and that's the use of our core section and the lower part of our body."
"One of the things we're going to need through the swing, is balance."
To create that balance we need the nice triangle that keeps the knees inside our feet throughout the swing.
The knees need to stay in this position inside our feet.
"The other thing that we need to do is to make sure that we use our hips and our legs to get through the swing before the bat gets there, because that helps with bat velocity."
"Hi, I'm Art Malov from Your Dating Coach in New York City."
"And, I'm the author of Park Bench Dating."
"But, until you spend some time with the girl, and, for, let's say fifteen minutes, twenty minutes, then you can actually say, hey listen, can I get you a drink?"
"And, you, when you're already getting yourself a drink."
"You don't be like, oh, can I just get you a drink?"
"Say, hey listen, I'm going to get a drink, and, you know, you can get, well, what do you want?"
"And then you can say, you can get us, well what do you want, you can get us next round."
"So, what you're emphasizing here, is, it's, you're not trying to buy her time."
"What you're doing is, you're putting yourself on equal footing."
"Cause ""wh"", as soon as the girl hears, hey, can I buy you a drink, she thinks, what a wuss."
"And, we don't want that."
"We want, so you know like, she wants to see a confident, relaxed guy."
"In this clip, we're going to talk about how to buy someone a drink."
"And so, don't buy a drink in five minutes, but buying a drink, you know, in fifteen, twenty minutes, is fine."
As long as you do it in correct way.
"This is Art Malov and this has been, How To Buy Someone A Drink."
"And, there is few different elements."
"You see, most guys think they wanna, they should buy a drink right away."
"The first opening line for them, is, hey, can I buy you a drink?"
"And, that's not the right way to do it."
"Because, what it tells the girl is, you're just trying to buy her attention."
"You're just trying to make buying a drink for her, sort of, bargaining for her attention."
"So, don't buy a drink in the first five minutes."
"In this video, I'm going to be talking about what I call over under."
Now this is a pretty difficult crystal stick trick--crystal stick trick.
"Now, I'm not sure if I can actually break this down into parts, and execute it, but what happens I'll spin like this, spin it under, and then because of the way my wrists and arm work together, I'll be over for one rotation, and back down to under."
"Again, this is something you just need to try and see if you can work out for yourself."
"To switch into it, you're doing horizontal circles, catch in the center, follow the crystal stick out, over, under, over, under."
"If you see, I'm always keeping my control stick ninety degrees perpendicular to the crystal stick, just following the stick around with my wrist like that."
"It will take some practice, and it will take some thinking just to figure out what exactly you're trying to do."
"First off, I'll just show you what it looks like."
This is over under.
"You're going to start from horizontal circles, and go over, under, just like that."
"Now, it might be hard to figure out what I'm doing from how it looks."
"What I'm actually doing is I'm in a horizontal circle, I catch the crystal stick in the center of it, with my control stick."
Now I'm going to follow the crystal stick as it spins.
"I'm going to keep my control stick ninety degrees to the crystal stick, follow it as it spins."
"Hi, if you've ever wondered how to massage away a stiff calf, I can show you how."
"I'm Sundae, with Natural Sundae."
"Now, that that's clear, you're free to move to the calf, so what you want to do, is start at the ankle, and move all the way up to the calf, and your fingers can trace that muscle, and actually hold that muscle right in your hand, just like that."
"You want to apply a little bit more oil, and actually your palm, is the best part of your hand."
"To massage a calf, you can go from your palm, all the way up to your forearm, and even your elbow, as long as you're careful, just like that, and of course, on the other side, using that forearm very gently, getting that ankle, being very careful of that ankle area."
Massaging that calf with that forearm.
"You can rotate your forearm, like this, and really get in between those two muscles."
"You've got your gastrock right here, and your soleus."
Those are your two calf muscles.
You want to really get in between there.
"Separate those muscles, and create a lot of room for the blood to flow, and that is a very basic way, to soothe a sore calf muscle."
"I'm Sundae, with Natural Sundae."
"Now, the first thing you want to do, is make sure your client is relaxed, and the best way to do this, is just rock your client a little bit."
Thanks.
You just rock that client.
"You just shake them a little bit, gently of course."
"Make sure they're not holding any tension, and that they're fully relaxed."
"Then, what you want to do actually, before you massage the calf, you want to massage up in the hamstrings, because if there's any congestion in here."
"If this is congested, this congestion is not going to go anywhere, so you need to get the congestion out of the hamstring first, and then work the calves, so real quick, just work the calf."
"You can do some basic strokes, gliding all the way up the leg, using the fingers and the palms, very gently, and kneading is also a wonderful way, to massage the hamstrings."
Just do some kneading.
Every School has to decide what kind of school their going to be.
"Are they going to be tournament school or mostly a kids school, mostly adults, are they going to be a tournament school where they teach you how to score points and bring home a trophy."
When I first started martial arts I thought I was a really good fighter.
I joined the Army and went to Germany where I could not find a school that was the same style and I suddenly found out that I wasn't nearly as good as I thought I was when the rules changed.
"Through the years I discovered that it is very important to have a curriculum that is well rounded, addresses stand up fighting and ground fighting."
"Today we're at Chapel Ledges in Ashville, Massachusetts, Trustees of the Reservation Property and in this series I'm going to be talking about rock climbing gear."
"Bad climber etiquette is to fill your chalk bag with all kinds of loose chalk, sit down, have it dumped out and leave a big mess behind, so a nice concise chalk bag that meets your style with a chalk ball inside, that's going to give your hands a little powdery coating to keep the sweat down, makes you grip the rock a little bit better, maybe it gives you a little psychological advantage too while you're up there, so choose what fits you."
We're going to talk about rock climbing chalk and chalk bags.
"It use to be a contentious issue back in the 70's or so, people thought it was cheating to use chalk."
"Nowadays most of everyone uses it, still makes since to think about of how you use it, how much you use, what it does for you."
"The bag that you're going to carry it in, here's a couple of variations, they come in all sorts of styles, shapes and colors."
"Generally speaking, something about this size is big enough."
"If you're going to be bouldering and hanging out in one place for a while, you might buy a big bucket to just sit on the ground, but if you're carrying it with you, this is plenty big enough."
"Inside the bag you've got chalk in one form or another, I want to recommend to you a chalk ball, because this contains the chalk inside a fabric covering."
"You can see my hands are still getting chalky, but it's not going to spill."
Before you go in a cave don't go alone and don't go without a guide.
It is very important.
It is dangerous.
"If you are staying to wait on each other, you just sit on your feet and maybe it is not so comfortable but it protects you from the cold clay or stone where you would sit or you just stay like this because in this way your bottom is not on the floor on the cold floor."
"It can get cold even if you are warm and you are not cold at all, your bottom can be and the cold temperature is bad so just sit like this but don't fall asleep."
This light is going up through this tube and it is very good because when this movement is on it is very warm.
"For example, I am the injured person and I am in this plastic thing and the carbide light is here because this is the tricky part because it is here and the warm temperature gives the biggest power of warmness in your body if you are in danger of getting cold."
So I want to talk for a second about what to do with your throwing water.
"Once you've thrown for all day and you've got some pretty muddy water going, the bottom of this bucket is going to have a sludge on it."
But that gives me a little more space to add.
"And now once you've done this for a while and you've drained off the water several times, once you get to the point where you can't add in anything else, I take that off and I let the bucket dry."
"And you can either reuse that clay if you have a pug mill or if you really like wedging, or you can do what I do which is I let that dry completely, knock it out of the bucket into the trashcan and put the bucket back in the sink."
You do not want this going down your drain.
"So, I have got a really simple way of keeping this part of the clay out of my drain."
"What I do is I just keep a couple of buckets here, and I'll take the sponge out of my water and I'll mix that sludge into the water, so that it'll come out of the bottom of the bucket, mostly."
"And then once it's mixed up, I'll go ahead and pour it into one of my buckets."
Now my bucket's ready for clean water for my next throwing.
"Now after a few days or hours or however long it takes, the clay will start to settle and the water will rise to the top of the bucket, so you can keep using your bucket over and over by just tipping it and letting the water runoff."
You can see that everything that's running off is just clear water.
And this bucket is almost full.
My name is Ryan Wells.
"I'm the owner of a local fish store in Lindon, Utah, called Reef Runners."
"Once again, in order to keep your tank clean, the most important thing to do, is regular water changes, and keeping the cleanliness of your water overall."
"If you have a buildup of nutrients, or different types of pollutants, this is what will cause a dirty or unclean tank."
There are various ways to keep a tank clean.
"First of all, let's briefly define what clean is."
"A lot of people determine a clean tank by one that has little to no visible algae, the water is clear, and that your livestock is very healthy looking."
"If you have algae problems, this can often be called a dirty tank."
"In order to get rid of algae, there's some simple tips you can do, in cleaning your tank."
"First of all, don't overstock your tank, and don't overfeed the livestock that you currently have in your tank."
"Another important thing to keep in mind, is that you have current livestock in there, to help control your algae, or the overall cleanliness of your tank."
"A lot of these include hermit crabs, different algae eating snails, some starfish, and even some of your fish may nip at, or eliminate different types of algae."
Hi!
So now we can peel the insulation off the wire back to where we started and then the paper comes right off and we can clip it off.
The other handy device that we will need when we are stripping the wires is a pair of vike which are just cutters and we can cut the wire.
We will cut the insulation off the wire.
So now we've got it down to this point and we have insulation on the wire that we want stripped off.
So we have these little strippers.
The wire strippers we have different sizes.
Now you can see some of them are larger than others.
We just line up for the proper size wire.
"This is a 14 gage wire so we put it right in here, clamp it down."
That actually cuts through insulation so we got to cut right down and now we pull them apart.
Now we are going to use a couple of basic tools to help strip some romex wire if you are doing any wiring.
So what we have essentially done is severed insulation without touching the wire and the insulation will pull off as we slide these to the side.
The first thing we have to do is get the sheathing off outside of it and to do that we have this stripper.
There is a water gage meter on this stripper.
If you need to know what size wire you have and inside there is a little razor that is used to cut through that wire.
You see it hanging down from here a little bit.
"So that when we actually put a wire in here, it will cup right down the center of the wire so that it won't cut either of the conductors in it, it might touch the ground wire."
"So we just put it in here, squeeze it down."
"Now that little razor has gone down into the wire and as we pull the wire through it, it cuts through."
"And today, we are building a campfire in my backyard in the snow."
"And besides roasting marshmallows which is a lot of fun to do, you can actually do some other really, really good food in a campfire."
"I mean, there's more complicated things that are really fun like Dutch oven cooking but we're not going to get into that right now."
Hotdogs are great things to be able to cook in a campfire and you're going to be using a stick just similar to this and just kinda skewing it and cooking it.
"Also, you can make a little hobo dinner."
You can have tin foil and you can wrap potatoes and carrots and some really good things like that and put it all inside the tin foil and put it right inside of a campfire.
"So, besides having a campfire for warmth and survival skills, it's also a great way to cook food and to be able to enjoy some really, really tasty food on a campfire or in a campfire setting that you wouldn't be able to do inside."
"Another way to make these trailing vines and ivies, is to use glue."
You can take your pipe cleaner and add a few branches by twisting.
"Just twisting them on like that and then we'll glue our leaves on with a nice, thick Kraft Glue, and set that to dry."
Then you can bend the pipe cleaner to the shape that you want.
"So you just take the glue and put some good dots of glue, nice and thick, because the glue sort of soaks into the fuzz on the pipe cleaner."
"So you want to use a good amount and put that glue all the way up in different spots, like this, and then just put your leaves on there and let that dry."
"So before we start the message we might want to get a little bit of oil and again in this case I have grape seed oil, and I'm going to get a little bit, get a little bit oily because we're working on the face and the ears, and the neck, only a tiny bit."
"You can always add more but we don't want to put a lot of oil on her face but we do need a little bit because we will be working on some of the neck muscles, we need that gliding motion which oil can help provide."
O.k.
"want to check in and if you're not sure, if you get oil and you've had it for a little bit of time, please smell it first."
"If it smells a little unusual, throw it away and get more."
"Now you definitely do not want to put oil on a child that might be a little bit rancid, a little bit tainted at all."
"It's very inexpensive, just throw it away if you're unsure and get more."
"And just again put a little bit of oil, you can always add more and warming your hands before you actually make contact through touch."
So I add oil to my hands and I'm warming them up.
Warming them up weather I'm using oil or not so warming it up with oil.
"How's that smell, does it smell o.k.?"
"Yeah, shouldn't have a lot of smell at all."
So Natalie's just probably smelling my hands.
So warming up the oil and I'm going to double check in with you before I even touch you at all.
Is it o.k.
if I give you a message with oil?
"A question's asked, ""How to pick a youth baseball bat?"""
"This happens to be a wooden bat , most youth players in this day and age use a metal bat because they're, tend to be lighter, and more manageable."
"When choosing a bat, there's two things that you can do to help to make sure that you're choosing the right bat."
Number one is go get a demo or borrow a bat and let the player swing the bat to make sure that it feels right for him.
"But another test you might do, is to grip the bat at the top of the handle and if you can, with one hand cast the bat this way and not let the bat drop below parallel, then that would be a good test to make sure that he can handle the bat with two hands."
I might suggest that you get the heaviest and largest bat possible that he can still control because the extra density in the bat will make the ball go further.
"Do the heaviest and the longest bat he can swing comfortably, or do this test with, would be an appropriate bat for that player, and that's a good tip on how to choose the right bat for your player."
The bat is measured both in inches and in ounces.
"So if a bat is a thirty two, thirty one, or a minus three, that's, means that the length of the bat is a thirty two inch bat and it's a twenty nine ounce bat, so that would be a minus three bat."
"Most players, especially young in age, from six or eight on up until ten or twelve, would tend to use bats that have a larger drop in the ounces."
"A minus eleven bat for instance would be if it were a thirty inch bat, would be a nineteen ounce bat."
"So when you hear minus three, minus ten, minus eleven that means it's the differential between the length of the bat and the ounces of the bat."
"Usually the smaller the player the more minus there is, the lighter the bat is and usually the larger the player the heavier the bat would be."
"Most players in the high school level on up until they start using wood, and get into professional baseball, use minus three exclusively because it is a rule for high school and college."
"So a minus three bat would a thirty two twenty nine, or a thirty three thirty, because it's three ounces lighter than the length."
"Ok, for our next point now, we need to decide about the hair style, whatever the customer has decided how he would like his hair to go."
"So with the customer having a parting, he obviously is not going have the hair going straight forward or going back."
So we still need to give some indication to our wig maker on what kind of style the customer is going to have.
"So, what I'm going to do now is actually put the indication of the flow of the hair, so we want the hair to go around like this."
Now the reason I'm putting this slight curve into this is that any good wig maker will actually out each individual hair into the hair piece so it gradually starts to go back.
Same with this point of parting.
"We don't want the hair being put into the base of the piece pointing this way, what we want is for the hair to be slightly pointed this way in the hair piece."
"When the customer has a parting, the hair is going to flow backwards, and not forwards pushing itself onto the face."
"A real head of hair tends to act differently than a hair piece, so you really do have to give the hair piece direction, which way to go."
"So as I say, giving the hair direction like so."
"So, we're going to say for instance that this customer wants a parting."
"Now, a parting should never begin higher that where the hairline begins on the hair piece."
"So, you can see the hair through here, this is where we want to begin the parting."
"If we began the parting here, then what would happen is when we get the hair piece back, we are going to have hair going over skin."
"And unfortunately, even though these hair pieces are good, they're not so good that it doesn't actually show the hair going over the skin, it tends to give the hair piece away."
"So, my suggestion for that is always to have the parting to begin wherever the hairline begins."
"So, that would be at this point."
"So, the customer wants a parting, so what I'm going to do is put a dotted line here and all the way back to about just the tip of the crown."
"Hi, I'm Lori Schneider with Figs Catering in Austin, Texas."
It is a lot of fun to work with and it tastes great.
Today I am going to show you how to make a spaghetti squash casserole with a pink and almond crust.
I've been in the culinary industry for about 13 years.
One of my favorite things to cook with in the Fall time and it is Fall where we are right now is spaghetti squash.
Spaghetti squash is really unique and different because it really absorbs the flavors of things that you put with it.
"So for this casserole, we have first off baked our spaghetti squash and then we made kind of a cream, egg and rosemary, sun dried tomato mixture that we mixed in with our cooked spaghetti squash in a casserole dish."
"On top of that, we went ahead and made some buttered pink crumbs along with some almonds and that is going to provide the really nice crust that you see there."
I really like serving this dish because not a lot of people have tried spaghetti squash because it is a unique product.
So go ahead and give it a try.
"Hi, my name is Dave Andrews."
Today I'm going to tell you how to turn off calendar reminders in Microsoft Outlook.
"As you can see, it's very easy to turn off calendar reminders in Microsoft Outlook."
My name is Dave Andrews and I've just showed you how to turn off calendar reminders in Microsoft Outlook.
Let's begin by opening up Outlook by clicking on the start button on the bottom.
"Go into all programs, under Microsoft Office, let's select Outlook."
"Now that we're in Outlook, let's go to tools and options and on this default reminder check box under calendar, it's by default it's checked with a reminder of fifteen minutes."
"Just un-check it, and that turns off the default reminder to be set for all new calendar entries."
Select apply.
Let's open up our calendar and create a new item today at eleven o'clock.
"You'll notice that the reminder at the top is set to ""none""."
"Since we un-checked that check box, they will all be none from now on."
Hi!
Another thing to consider is on this toy it needs 3 batteries.
"This has a screw making it so that the batteries can't pop out, so this toy would be safe."
"However, if it didn't have the screw it would be dangerous for children because the batteries could pop out and they could put them in their mouth."
You also need to make sure that the screw does stay in place and is tightened at all times.
Another thing to consider is checking to make sure there aren't any sharp edges on the toy.
This one has several sharp edges making it a dangerous toy for younger children.
"If you used for the appropriate age, it would probably be okay."
"In this video clip, I will show you how to check for dangerous parts on toys."
One thing that can make a toy dangerous if it's part come off the toy.
Right here we have a pretend cake.
This candle for instance pops right off so that could cause a choking hazard making it a dangerous toy.
This toy has a cord on it making it a dangerous toy.
The cord can cause the child to strangle them self.
This toy would be okay for the appropriate age.
"However, the cord would make it a dangerous toy for younger children."
"We have done the red lipstick on Amalia, in this little clip we're going to talk about the lip gloss."
"Red lipstick is back in fashion, but still, I love lip gloss, and I don't like to put the lip gloss right on the lips."
"So I try to clean everything really clean here, I have these special Q-tips that are tightly wound and so no fibers will get onto my lip gloss because, you know, lip gloss is really sticky."
"So once I get it on the little thing, I'm going to go ahead and put a little bit on her lips."
"It's okay to just kind of glob it on because I'm going to go on again with the brush and even it out, so I kind of apply it like that."
"Then I get my lip brush, and just lightly push it around the lips, nice and even."
"You want to kind of keep it, you don't want to push down too much, you're basically just pushing that gloss around the lips."
"There you go, so now she has the super glossy lips."
We're going to almost be done with this makeup.
As in 1997 the Federal Motor Vehicles Safety Standard requires manufactures to put in some kind of locking magnetism on there seat belts so they can be used with child safety seats.
It may or may not be enough to keep the belt locked on that steep in that case we have a thing known as a locking clip.
The locking clip is always applied within a inch of a latch plate and a locking clip could be used with a belt that has no locking magnetism that is older then 1997.
The belt that I'm holding here is a lap only belt this belt locks with a bar inside it that pulls when the belt buckle is parallel to the belt path itself.
When it is turned perpendicular it releases and allows the belt to slide freely this is important because using it with a child's restraint.
If you tighten it this way but in some cases depending on this starts and where this lines up if it actually lines up in the belt path like this it is not going to lock.
So it is important that it will be the belt needs to be above the locking magnetism.
Another form of the belt that you would find is a lap shoulder belt most of these are freely and again as I said as in 1997 they made a prevision in these belts that would allow them to lock.
The prevision on this belt is that you pull the belt slowly all the way out the belt then switches and if you can hear that it is ranching back in it remains lock until it retracts fully.
"You would find this on General Motors product, Ford products and most imported cars. Chrysler uses what is known as a cinching latch plate the plate itself here at the latch has a siding number that locks it."
"OKay, the last curve we're going to look at is called the masse shot."
"Now, that's probably what you've heard other curve shots termed as, masse shots, I like to make a difference between a natural curve shot like those that we've already explored and what is really a full masse."
"So, to do that we have to have an elevation on the cue that's pretty much vertical and know exactly where to hit the cue ball and exactly what speed to stroke it at in order to get it to do that."
Let's see what we can do with it. Whoo! Actually that's close enough. As you can see I missed the shot which might give you an indication as to just how difficult they are to make.
"But once again, I do want to reiterate that this is not a shot that you really need to try to practice a whole lot, because it's not a dependable shot when you're using it in competition."
It was just really here for demonstration purposes to show you what can be done with a cue ball.
"But this shot you really, you need to leave that up to the trick shot artists that you see on TV."
"Masse is just a French word, as I said earlier, this is a this game was derived by the French years and years ago."
"But, the masse shot, now, is one where we're using a radical curve."
We're going to take a full half circle around the ball.
"And, I've got to tell you this is not a good shot for pool."
"It would be a very, very rare occasion that you would have to use it."
"But the only reason that I would like to demonstrate it, or at least how it's suppose to be make, is just to show you again, the difference between the level cue rule, what we have to do to make this particular shot, and some of the extreme action you can get on a cue ball if you know how to stroke it properly."
"So, with our masse shot here."
"What we want to do, is we would like to be able to curve this ball, or masse this cue ball completely around that ball right there and pocket the 1 ball."
The next type of collar that you can use in your drawings would be a short point collar.
"What that means is literally the points are short, short collar."
"The part of the collar that folds over, there's the fold and then here's your collar."
"There short, it's short as opposed to regular sized standard shirt collar."
"This is going to be used on, if you're looking for a real world example of this, it would be like in a woman's blouse that is leaning towards a more feminine look than the regular unisex oxford shirt that has a collar."
Hence this type of button I showed you before that this kind of button is going to be more of a feminine look too.
"When you have the actual button hole going vertically as opposed to horizontally, it's always going to be horizontal on your regular button down collared shirts, but when you turn it vertically it gives it a little bit more style, not style it gives it another look to the whole overall design."
"Hi, we're here to help you find great new colors for your skin tone."
So you've come to the right place.
Remember if you can find a pallet like mine here that gives you an option of several different colors.
"You have some warms, you have some cools, you have some darks."
Test these products out on your skin and find the right colors to help you achieve the look that you want.
My name is Sylvia Russell and this is how you can choose colors for your skin tone.
My name is Sylvia Russell.
"As you can see, our model has fair skin, very beautiful skin."
So we're not going to use colors that are over powering on the skin.
"Now when you have a light skin, or cool tones, think cool and when you think cool, I think blue, green, colors that will help to compliment your skin tone."
It's important to know what your skin tone is so that you can choose the right color.
"Now again, if you have cool skin or light skin, then you can apply colors that are blue, green, nothing very very orange or warm."
"If you have medium skin you may want to go with your taupes, your peaches, your creamy oranges, nothing too too orange."
"And if you have dark skin, then you'll want to go ahead and enhance the color with a brighter more vibrant shade."
This is Anthony and we're going to talk about cleaning photo negatives.
First thing you want to do when your cleaning a negative is wear a glove.
I want to clean this negative.
Right here is what's called a anti static cloth.
In my opinion it's the best tool to use to clean negatives.
I personally don't like using caned air.
It's bad for the environment and a lot of times.
I find out that can air almost spits out condensation and that can actually ruin my negative.
So that's not good in my opinion.
So I'm going to use this cloth very simply I'm going to fold the cloth over and clean the negative.
"Negatives usually have water marks, dust murks to some degree."
Scratches on them.
It's kind of annoying.
You want to avoid the scratches.
Everything else you can pretty much get off.
If this doesn't work with the cloth I go to anti static film cleaner.
The number one ingredient in all film cleaner.
Is isopropyl alcohol.
In my studio I just have a bit vat of isopropyl alcohol that I use.
"I've had it for years a little alcohol, isopropyl alcohol."
On a cotton ball will clean almost any negative but I do like the film cleaner sometimes.
There's a little bit extra ingredient in it.
That just seems to work as a solvent a little bit better on my negatives.
Looks kind of silly but you know what?
There are two sides to a negative.
You have the emulsion side non emulsion side.
You want be extremely careful with the emulsion side of your negative.
That is the negative where layer of emulsion is on.
That actually gets exposed to light and makes your image.
If you scratch that.
Your basically going to have a negative that is going to have a scratch on it for life and your only going to be able to get that scratch off.
Via photo shop or a retouching job and that's starts to get very time consuming and very expensive.
So always treat your negatives with the utmost care and again this is really the first step that I like to use.
It's just this cloth.
It really helps.
They sell them at any photography store.
It's an anti static cloth they cost about ten bucks max.
So it's pretty affordable if you keep them in the little bag.
They'll last for years.
You don't want to start cleaning something while your putting more dirt on what your cleaning.
Makes sense.
This is a negative I have.
Two and a quarter black and white negative.
Has a fine layer of filth on the negative.
The next thing I'm going to talk about is fire safety.
"As you will see later on, this grinder does throw quite a bunch of sparks."
"The sparks do end up on the floor, sometimes they shoot out the back."
"You want to make sure there's no oily rags or paper that's going to catch on fire, because the sparks that come off of here are pretty hot and if there's something to catch on fire, it will catch on fire."
"And another thing you want to remember is this: if you are doing this in an enclosed area like a garage or a shop, make sure that it's properly ventilated, and that you don't have cans of gasoline around where the fumes can accumulate on the floor, because the sparks will end up down there."
"And it will start a massive fire, and create a lot of destruction."
That's why I have this bucket here.
"It allows the sparks, most of the sparks to go into the water and settle to the bottom."
"Also, if for some reason a fire does start out and you don't have access to your fire extinguisher right close by (though I do suggest that you have a fire extinguisher close by at all times)."
"A good fire extinguisher to have is one that says ABC, so that it's good for trash and paper and wood as well as liquids and electrical fires."
So it covers all the generals that you need.
"But also, you have this bucket of water so that if something happens, you have a bunch of water here that you can use."
This water is also used to cool down the knives so that you don't burn your hands.
The other thing that you want to make sure of is that you are not grinding next to flammable liquids.
Quaker parakeets to catch in the wild is now basically illegal.
Quakers are not native to the United States and import of wild life birds to the United States has been banned.
This is because that people who were catching the birds in the wild were using very cruel and inhumane manners to catch the these birds.
"They would rob the birds nest and and while feeding the baby birds they didn't know how to feed them or wasn't doing it properly, and they were aspirating them."
Over fifty percent of the birds died.
Many of the birds that was caught in the wild were stressed and they also died.
The people that were catching the birds were doing it for the money.
They cared nothing about the bird.
Nor about their longevity into a society.
"Here, we have an off the shoulder sleeve."
"Which, I guess technically may not be an actual sleeve."
"Which, makes it not technically a sleeve."
"But, just go with it."
"And, we have it going off the shoulder."
"And, then remember always when you're trying to show dimension and show that it is 3D to add that little back flip right there to show the back of the garment."
"Because, if you're looking at an actual person you will be able to see parts of the backs of their clothes from the fronts, three dimensional."
"And, then create the curve wherever you want it."
Lower or higher.
Whatever you want.
It might just be part of the shirt.
"Because, I have my drawing as almost a rollover style."
"Like, think Nine-O-Two-One-O bodysuits with the jean shorts that are cuffed."
"And, they come off the shoulders."
They're spandex.
That's what I was trying to represent here.
"But, the sleeve is whatever part of the fabric is or the garment is on the arms."
"So, therefore part of your sleeve is attached in here to the bodice of the actual shirt."
"Hi Im Geeta, a beauty therapist and hairdresser from india."
Now let us take Martha Clay masks.
These are great for the oily type of skin as this absorbs the excess oil from the skin without disturbing the moisture level of the skin which is very important in using any type of mask.
Now this also blurt the shiness from the oily skin apart from this it constrict the pores and also remove the dead skin cells from the skin.
Now let us come to the exfoliating mask.
Now the exfoliation action itself suggests that it removes the surface debris from the skin which means the dead layers of the skin are remove with the help of the exfoliating actions and this gives the skin in their difficult condition.
This mask are also helpful in enormous skin types as enormous skin also sometimes suffer from dullness and sometimes with blackheads.
Now comes the peel off mask which are great for any type of skin as they refresh the oily areas and nourish the dry skin
"Now let us say, the easily available products in the market are the face packs."
now these masks are very easy to get ready from the market and use at home.
Let us talk about the moisturizing mask.
The moisturizing name itself suggests that it moisturizes the skin and is meant for dry type of skin.
"As dry skin has patchiness, dullness on the skin and dead cells on the skin."
So this mask gives moisture retention to the skin.
"Apart from this, it also removes dry flakes from the skin and the fine lines."
In short it helps in the cell metabolism of this type of skin.
Hi I'm Richard Fields and in this clip we are going to talk about how to buy a back packing sleeping bag.
There are two basic kinds of bags in terms of how they are built.
You are certainly going to want to buy a bag that will completely cover your shoulders and over your head.
If you are a side sleeper it is not as critical if you tend to sleep on your back or your stomach then you definitely have to have a bag that is long enough for you.
When purchasing a sleeping bag it is to your advantage to go to a pro shop.
They can help you get the right bag and the right fit at the right temperature for you and that is how to buy a sleeping bag.
One is made with synthetic material and the other is made with down.
"The down bag is lighter, warmer, but if you are going to be in any kind of wet climate or in any danger of getting that bag wet, wet down is useless and takes forever to dry."
The synthetic bag will continue to keep you warm even when wet although it is not as compressible and it is a little heavier.
"Mummy bags, those are the form fitted bags have less air space in them and therefore will keep you warmer."
They are more restrictive but they tend to be warmer and lighter.
Things to consider of course is what kind of temperatures are you going to be encountering.
It is better to buy a bag that is a little too warm than one that is not warm enough.
An additional thing to consider is how tall you are.
This step I'm going to talk to you about making the bail on your pendant.
"Now, to make the bail on your pendant, you need to have your cold seal attached here to the bottom of the pendant, and take your - I'm going to use a clear borosilicate rod - you can use any sort of rod color or clear, but it has to be a solid rod."
"Now I'm going to get the tip of this started and get it hot, then I'm going to connect it towards the front side of the pendant that I want."
"This will be the front, therefore I'm going to connect it to closer to this side."
"We'll get this hot, and we will connect it."
Now we're going to try and work that in with the glass so it's got a nice and solid connection with the pendant.
"Now, now that that is connected, (as you can see there), we're going to get the glass hot and gradually we're going to pull out towards the front of the pendant, (a little bit of twisting with my right hand there), now we're going to heat the rod and try and arc it backwards into the bail."
"A little twisting, we connect it with the back of the pendant, now we're going to detach the clear rod."
Now we're going to heat this up and I'm going to use my mashers again to get the bail in the position that I want.
"Hi, my name is Elliot."
"Take a piece of tape, tear it off, and tape them together."
"If it's too short, you can get more tape."
So what's so important about getting the tape at the end of the straws?
"Well, let me tell you."
"If you put the tape in the middle, then the ends of the straws can sway back and forth, and therefore you don't get as better aiming when you're shooting your straw."
"So, make sure that you put the tape near the end and near the other end, okay?"
Next what you want to do is chew two spit balls for the double cannon.
I have two in my mouth.
"So, load the first one and load the second one in the other cannon."
It's getting a little tough.
This is how you can make a double barrel gun.
"Next, you aim and you shoot."
And let's see how this goes.
"Wow, they're so close together."
That shows how accurate they can be.
"Okay, so what you're going to need is two straws, preferably the same kind."
And you're also going to need tape.
What you'll want to do first is take the two straws and try to align them about the same.
"Next, what you want to do, put your finger on that place, take the tape and take a bit of tape."
"Go back to where you aligned them, and try to tape them together."
It's important that you tape them up close to the end.
And you switch it to the other side.
"We're going to talk about what happens when your car battery dies, how to select a new battery, and how to see what the problem is."
"The side post terminal will be a round, flat piece of copper like a washer with a cable extending from it and bolt through into the battery on the side or the top."
Most newer cars have a bolt in terminal.
Most older cars have a clamp style.
The clamp style is more prone to rust and corrosion.
"But, just by wiggling this, I found the loose terminal."
"And, that's going to cause a problem."
"And, if a terminal is loose, it will also encourage corrosion to grow."
"And, if corrosion starts, it starts corroding the battery tray under the car, and it will eat down into the wire."
Sometimes you can find corrosion inside one of your battery cables by using a razor and slicing open the rubber shielding on the cable.
"And, you'll recognize a greenish color to the copper wire strands."
"Okay, here is the car battery in this particular car."
"And, you'll see a white powdery stuff."
"And, if you flex the cable, we can bend the cable once we take the terminal off."
"And, if it feels crunchy inside, that's a sign that the cable needs to be replaced or maybe just cut off a few inches to where there's clean copper inside, and then, clamp a new terminal end on it."
"The corrosion doesn't look too bad on the battery terminals or in the wire strands. If you notice any corrosion on the battery, such as this white powdery stuff or rusty looking stuff, you can clean it off and neutralize it, neutralize the acid with a mixture of water and baking soda."
"You simply pour it over the battery, and it will foam up and then you can rinse it off with clean water."
A little water around the battery will usually drain off onto the ground without causing any problem to under hood components.
"But, make sure you don't pour it into the fuse box. So, first let's clean these terminals and reconnect the battery nice and tight and then see if we get any power out of the car, see if the headlights come on, see if the starter will turn the engine."
I'm going to get a wire brush and clean these terminals.
Some cars will have the battery in different locations.
A Volkswagon Beetle will have a car battery under the seat in the back of the car.
"Most cars now have them under the hood easiest to service, out of the passenger compartment. We're going to check for dirty terminals, rust, and maybe loose connections."
"And, we're going to see if we can get this battery to work. First thing I'm looking for is white corrosion in the connecting areas where the cable terminal next to the battery itself."
"So, some batteries have a side post which means that the connecting contact point is on the side of the battery."
I'm going to be talking about different gift ideas for a co-worker.
Another gag gift that you could get a co-worker would be a dart board with a picture of say your boss on it if you don't like him very much.
Or you can even get that gift for your boss.
If he's a very humorous guy he would probably think that was a very funny gift.
It would be even funnier if you had your picture on it.
Now a way you can actually make this gag gift would be just buy a dart board from the nearest store that you can find it from and get the picture made.
Tag it on there and just do whatever you can do make it stay on there and it would be just a very humorous gift to give to everyone.
Okay first we are going to need a lump of clay for the house itself.
I used between two and a half and three pounds of clay on that one so I am going to cut another piece about that size.
That is right at about three pounds and that is perfect.
Pat this into a nice good ball.
It always helps centering to make your piece into a nice good ball before you start.
Now next the lid it is a similar amount of clay probably closer to two and a half pounds and look there we happen to have it.
So we will pat that into a ball as well.
And finally we need some clay for this knob that we are going to make.
I don't weigh clay for the knobs.
I usually just take my hand and make a fist into the clay and that is the perfect amount of clay for a knob like that and we are ready to start throwing.
Then we have another oblong brush.
"Again, it's the wooden variety."
"A large pin brush isn't a problem, but this might be a large brush if we're working on a havanais or a yorkie."
"So if this comfortably in your hand, remember that the handle is going to be shorter as well."
"You can see that here, but if this fits comfortably in your hand, this is a nice brush to use on a smaller breed dog."
How do you use a pin brush on a long coated dog.
Pin brush is a great finishing type of brush.
"It goes right over, nicely over the coat."
It's not a really tough brush.
It doesn't pull out a lot of hair; you can see there's not a lot of hair.
It's really better to be used as a finishing brush.
It is not a good brush to take mats out.
It's in a padded base as well.
"So if you're trying to get undercoat out and trying to take mats out, this is not the brush you would want to use."
You would wind up bending the pins and pulling them out.
This is a brush you would use after you've gone over the entire dog with your slicker type brush and then you would use your pin brush as a finishing type brush.
"This is a shorter brush, so it's shorter than the other oblong I was showing you."
This is a great brush if you're just showing your dog and you need to take a brush into the ring.
This is smaller.
This is a great brush to take into the ring with you.
This is also a nice brush to work on a small breed dog.
"Again, we're using an example here of a large breed dog."
We're still working on pin brush with a large breed dog.
"Hi, my name is Guillermo Gomez, I coach soccer."
Have you ever seen a goalie kick the ball?
The ball's going to touch the ground.
"And as soon as that ball touches the ground you're going to kick that ball, making your body lean backwards and not forward."
"You want to look at the area of the ball, which is basically the lower section of the ball."
"That's the area you're going to be kicking and it needs to be right about the middle, o.k."
"You want to lock your ankles, that's very important, lock the ankle, point your toes down and kick it with your shoelace."
"Alright, so to summarize it, we do it again."
"You want to put the ball with one hand, o.k., right about the waist size of the waist elevation or area of your body."
"Put the ball in front of you, take about three steps with it, Drop the ball, o.k."
"And as soon as the ball touch the ground, o.k., your supporting leg comes right next to it, a little bit behind it, so bring your body back, shoelaces and toes pointing down, kick the ball underneath and send it nice along."
"Well, he actually bounces on the ground first and then he kicks it far away to his teammates, towards the middle of the soccer field."
"And that's how you can do a drop kick, a goalie drop kick."
So fun out there with your friends while you practice this kick.
That's what you call a goalie drop kick.
o.k.
So today I'm going to be explaining how to do that.
"First if all, you know you're the goalie."
"You normally want to get comfortable with the ball so what you can do is just take a few bounces on the ball with your hands, so bounce the ball down about two or three times, o.k."
"Then you want to put the ball with one hand, right about in the west, in your west area, waist, I'm sorry, in the waist area."
"O.k., now put the ball in front of you, o.k. You're going to take about three steps going forward and then you're going to be dropping the ball, o.k."
"Now that we've got our first three strings on our low E string, A string and D string."
"Now we're going to put our G string on, same thing as before put it in that slot on the tail piece."
"The string goes through the saddle, the groove in the saddle there."
"We're going to take this up to the top tuning peg, once again you want to hole ninety degrees and we're going to slide it in from the inside."
"It's the same as this side, just kind of the opposite motion."
"Leave a little slack, wrap it around and underneath pull it tight, hold it tight, pull it up, make sure it's sitting in the groove with the nut and tighten."
I'm going to finish up these strings and then I'll take you to the next step.
"I'm going to show you, I'm going to have to flip the guitar around to do this side."
It's almost the same; it's kind of the opposite motion.
Some guitars you don't have to worry about this problem.
"On this guitar which is a Gibson, typically the tuning pegs, there?s three on one side and three on the other side of the headstock."
"On a Fender guitar they will all be on one side, so you really won't have to worry about this step."
"To do the G string, B string and high E string, I'm going to move to this side because it just makes it a little easier."
"I'm going to start with the G string, by the way it is important to know in case you don't, that from the top of the guitar down you want to make sure you get the right strings in the right spot."
"It's low E string, A string, D string, G string, B and high E string."
Coming into palming her arm and this is the one the side poses.
So first thing I want to do is get her on her side.
"And I'm not, what I'm kind of doing is pressing down, down, down, give her a little stretch and still leaning against her slightly, keep that connection and again palming towards the middle, out, out."
"Here, walk it out and literally hand to the wrist, hand to the shoulder, lengthen that arm."
Perfect.
"Pillow about middle of the hip right here, move your hand in the garment just a little bit so you'd be comfortable, grab a hold of the back of the leg, gently twist her over and we want her to come all the way on to her side."
"Oh, her neck looks very uncomfortable."
"So what we're going to do, ask her to lift her head, place something underneath the head, a blanket, a pillow, anything that you've got to help your client feel comfortable."
"I'm going to come in to a nice kneeling diamond here and I'm rarely leaning into her, give her a little bit of control, lengthening that arm."
"Now if you've got someone that's really, really tiny and you got a nice little gap right here, you want to place a pillow or blanket right there too to keep your client comfortable."
"I want to start right here towards the elbows, gently press down with the palm and work it way up."
You can give about three times.
"Start right back towards the elbow and again, palming."
"Hey, I'm Liz Muller from Liz's Hair Design in Hollywood, Florida."
"In this clip, we're going to discuss the best brand of hair color, permanent hair color."
"I deal with ethnic hair and straight, Caucasian hair, and I tell you, I can use the line and really guarantee beautiful, long lasting hair color."
"Gorgeous reds, beautiful reds that last a long time."
These are this permanent hair color.
This would be Futura right here.
"They have a two-thousand and one line, called the Two-thousand and One line, color line."
But there's their gold colors right here.
Here's some of their coppery tones from Futura.
"Just wonderful, the line of product."
"And again, you'll find great results when you use Framesi hair color."
Thank you.
"I find that I've worked at, many lines in this industry."
This has been Liz Muller.
"Many different color lines, and one of the best permanent hair colors to me has been Framesi."
Framesi's been around since the seventies.
"It's a wonderful product, and a for permanent hair color, they've come a long way."
"They started out creme color, as a creme tube color with coconut oil, which is very rare."
You don't see that out there.
"And they've introduced us to many other things in their line, but their permanent hair color is fabulous."
You can use their hair color on any type of hair.
A lot of times when you come into an audition you may make a little glitch.
"You may mess up a word here and there, keep going, don't stop in the middle of an audition and proclaim, ""oh I have to do it again."""
"It doesn't matter, what we're looking for is the flow of the audition, we're looking for the acting in the audition."
"If you mess up a word, that's okay."
"What really does not look good though is when you're in the process of doing your audition, if you stop yourself in the middle, then entire audition stops."
"That is something that you don't want to do, so please make sure when you're in the process of your actual audition, you just keep going."
"If you make a little mistake, it's okay we understand, it's not for production, it's only an audition."
"DREW NOAH: So in this series, I'll be talking about iGoogle which is basically a personalized homepage from Google that you know includes Google Search like you can see at the top there and everything you can do with Google.com, but what makes it cool is all these things you can personalize with it--these little gadgets is what they call them and there's just a ton out there to pick from and you can even create tabs to arrange your gadgets in a certain way."
"Just looking at some of the ones I set up here, the YouTube videos, this day in history, a language translator, driving directions, a Wikipedia search, this multi search, searching Dictionary.com, search eBay."
"So you can create just a Google account or if you want, create a Gmail account."
So you could go to Gmail.com and create an account that way.
"Then you'll be able to use Gmail and Google calendar, two other really great products from Google."
"But in this series, I'll show you how to use iGoogle and everything you can do with it."
"So there's just tons of different things you can do with an iGoogle and personalizing your homepage with a bunch of these gadgets that of course will--are always updating if there's something like this YouTube gadget, they'll always be updating or they might do something like search a particular website like all these other ones do."
"So, to get started, you probably want a Google account."
"So, you know, you want to get an account so you can save your set up and see it every time you go again."
"So if you have a Gmail account, you already have a Google account."
So just sign in to your Gmail before you go to google.com/ig.
"But if you need to sign up for an account, well just go to sign in at the top, that is after you go to Google.com/ig just--again and if you don't have a Google account, you click right here to create one."
"And you'll need to enter an email address, password, dual word verification then you want to read through the terms of service and if you agree, hit ""I accept."
"Create my account."""
"Okay, great."
"Hi, my name is Sylvia Russell, and today, we're going to give you some tips on how to make home remedies for under-eye circles and puffiness."
"Did you stay up late last night? Did you have fun at a party? These are all ways to have, to wake up with a puffy eye."
"So remember, if you have eye puffiness make sure and use cold compresses, cucumbers; great things that you can find at home."
"My name is Sylvia Russell, and this is how you can use home remedies to get rid of eye puffiness and under eye circles."
"Now, the first thing you want to remember is you want to always be careful about what you use on your eye area."
"The eye area is very sensitive, so we don't want to use anything that's going to damage or irritate the eye."
"One tip for under-eye circles or puffiness is to use a cold compress. Take a washcloth, wet it down with some water, and put it in your freezer for a few minutes."
"Then, once it's done lay it on your eyes for five to ten minutes, giving yourself a little mini eye mask."
This is a great way to take any puffiness that has accumulated around the eye. Another great way to reduce eye puffiness is to cut some cucumbers that have been in the refrigerator and place these on the eye.
"These are a great way to reduce eye puffiness, but it also looks very spa-like. Another remedy is to make sure that you analyze the eye very well, and figure out the reason why you may be puffy, or why you may have under-eye circles."
"We're continuing now with the Traveling Step. All of these variations has a little bit of a, of a traveling to two sides."
"Walking back up forward, sweep."
"Walk back, sweep."
"Walk up, sweep."
Sweep.
"Walk to the right, look right, look forward, sweep and sweep."
"Walking back forward, easy walk, relaxed, continuing to breath deeply as you sweep that leg across, and sweep."
"And walking back, last one, ahh!"
Traveling Walk Knee Sweep.
"Traveling front to back and traveling to the side, adding in the Knee Sweep. So we begin, drawing all the attention to your right side and we walk up, and we sweep the left knee and we walk back, sweep the right knee."
"Now we walk to the right, look right, sweep the left knee."
"Walk back, sweep the right knee."
"Come back up, sweep the right."
"Walk back, three steps, sweep."
"Walk, sweep."
Sweep.
"Now, in this segment, we're going to talk about doing a front roll but instead of having the Frisbee right side up, it's actually going to be upside down."
We call that inverted.
The inverted roll can also be done with a lot of angle this way or it also can be done from a front roll to an inverted roll.
"Now, there's several different ways you can do that."
"Actually, some people find this roll to be easier than the right side up roll."
With this one now the weight is on the bottom of the Frisbee.
"So, you have to be kind of aware of that and again you want to start out by holding the Frisbee here."
Do a half a roll first and then you can do three quarters of a roll and then you can do a full roll.
"Now, again you have to be nice and loose and have that Frisbee touch every single part of your arm."
"You can also do the inverted roll coming up your arms and then back down the other side and if you notice I'm leaning back and then coming forward again, leaning back coming forward again, leaning back coming forward again."
That's the inverted roll.
Are you trekking around Eastern Europe?
Is Bulgaria your main destination?
What do you have to do?
It is really easy.
"First of all, you have to dial the international access code, which is 011again."
"Secondly, the country code of Bulgaria going to be follow this number, which is 359."
"And thirdly, remove the zero from the city code and dial the remaining numbers."
"And last but not least, you should dial the four to eight digits which remain, which is your personal phone number."
Then you really have to make a phone call to make reservations there.
"First of all, I have to tell you, that you are really lucky in case you get a fairly clear connection with Bulgaria and you are not disconnected while talking."
"Secondly, we have to admit, that the westernization hasn't brought much modernization to Bulgaria yet."
"So, that's why they don't really have a developed phone system."
"But all in all, first of all, the thing you have to do in order to call Bulgaria, is to determine what time it is in Bulgaria."
Bulgaria is two hours ahead of Greenwich mean time.
"It means, that it is seven hours later in Bulgaria than it is on the east coast of the United States."
"And, ten hours later than it is on the west coast of the United States."
"Ok, so now that you know your set up, you got it all written down, maybe, to help you remember."
The next thing that wouldn't be a bad idea for you to write down a list of questions or concerns that you have with your fish tank.
It doesn't cause any unnecessarily bad things.
"In fact, it can help keep the tank a little bit more cleaner."
But you do want to watch out for any diseased fish.
Take a close look.
"See if anybody has any strange fungus or bumps growing on them, if they're swimming erratically or strangely."
"These are all clues to fish tanks or a fish store that maybe isn't keeping their fish in the ""toppest"" condition."
And then we're going to head off to our local fish dealer.
"I'd also suggest you take along a water sample -- a small container with your water out of your tank, so that your local fish dealer can test that water for you and let you know some of the parameters in it, like your pH, your ammonias and your nitrites and things like that."
"That way, they can help you pick a fish a little bit more clearly."
"Now, when you're in your local fish store -- and maybe you only have one, but hopefully you'll have a couple to choose from, you want to make sure you're looking at the tanks and you're seeing tanks that are clean and well cared for."
What we're looking for here is dead fish or builds up of grime in the aquarium.
Algae I wouldn't worry about too much about.
Algae is part of an aquarium.
It's just a plant.
"Hi, this Sean Hobson, and right now we're working with our centers."
One important thing that we want our centers to learn is they're not always going to stand down on the low block and post.
"Flash to the high post, now he turns and faces up."
"He's either now got the option if he turns and no defenders on him, or if they just close out like this, he can either shoot it, he can drive it, or he can pass to the additional players."
But that's how we effectively flash up to the high post.
"Some point in time, the high post area, which is all this post area up here, is going to be open."
"A lot of times in the zone, this whole entire area up here opens up, or sometimes within the motion offense, people vacate this area, and if a post player will step up here, they can get a pass."
"Now if you've got a good shooting center that can come up and flash in the high post, get the ball, turn and score."
"So what we're going to have Ben show and demonstrate right now is how it looks first of all when you flash to the high post, then when you get the ball in the high post, you want to catch and immediately turn and face the basket to see if you're either going to dump down off a pass or if you're going to shoot the ball."
This is what it looks like to flash to the high post.
Go.
"Ball, ball, ball, ball."
Good.
"Now one of the very last things that you want to do and possibly the very last thing you want to do is to go and check your mailbox, to make sure that you don't have any mail."
"So, I found this in my mailbox."
"So make sure you check your mailbox, and then, and then also if you're renting a place, make sure that you return the key."
"So, I have an agreement with my landlord, that I'm just going to put the key, in an envelope, and I've already paid my rent for the month."
"Although, that's something else that you might need to include, depending on what the, what your agreement with your landlord is."
"And then I'll just, we, he knows that I'm going to be leaving this in his mailbox, which is right next to mine."
"So that's, that's probably the last thing that you need to do at this place."
"At, at your old place is just make sure that you, have gotten all of your mail and your landlord has his or her key back."
"His, this is Liz Muller from Liz's Hair Design in Hollywood, Florida."
In this clip we're going to show you how to select hair care products.
"This one's really light, I don't like anything too hard on the hair."
You can comb it out.
"And if you have really fine hair and you want something to stay hard, then you might want to use a firm hold."
"This is Liz Muller, and this is how you select hair care products."
"We have all different types of hair care products, and this doesn't only have to do with shampoo and conditioner, OK. You might want to use a hydrating cream for your hair."
"It's like a leave in, and the Moroccan Oil Company has a beautiful and brilliant hair styling cream that puts the shine, and it actually treats the hair while you roll or set it, or blow dry it, and it conditions that hair really nicely also."
"You have also Singdellino that has Crystalli liquid, and this is fabulous, actually."
"This liquid right here actually adds shine to the hair, leaving the hair soft, and it's wonderful."
You can actually put a little bit in the damp hair sometimes.
"I do when I blow dry, but you can use it for every day, and it doesn't leave the hair oily."
"You can actually use it on straight hair, they have a spray that's really light and that you can spray on the hair and it leaves a shine in the hair."
We have wonderful hair sprays.
Hi I'm Amelia and I'm going to show you how to cut hair with clipper over comb technique.
"First, you take your comb and you figure out exactly what angle you want 'cause how you angle the comb is how much is going to come off, so if you angle it out towards you you're only going to take a little bit less hair if you bring it straight up you'll be taking a lot more hair, and of course if you angle it in, you're going to be taking quite a bit of hair."
You don't need a guard on your comb on your clipper so you can take your guard off.
Clipper over comb is mostly used to get those little stragglies where it's uneven.
"So you just take the comb, I like to angle it towards me most of the time because you can always take more hair off you can't put it back on."
"And just run it as straight as you can, steady hands, and just run it right over as close to the comb as you need to get it, the closer you get to the comb of course the shorter the hair."
And that's how you use clipper over comb technique.
Now I want to talk to you a little bit about your microwave.
"A lot of people know how to use their microwave, but there's a bunch of, I guess, little settings in there that some people just may not know how to use."
That's why some things come out dry in the microwave.
"Then we have our 'Start' and we have our 'Clear', of course, if anything was timed onto our microwave."
"A lot of microwaves on the top, which is right here on this unit, is we have a bunch of presets."
"These are things that, of course, will be used the most."
"If you're going to make popcorn, go ahead and throw your popcorn in there and just press the 'Popcorn' button."
It'll actually adjust to your popcorn and try to pop it perfect.
"Your 'Reheat', you can go ahead and go in, and it'll be timed for things that are either frozen or for things that just want to be reheated, like if you just have a pizza that you've had, I guess, what is on your kitchen counter for a day or two and you just want to reheat it."
That's for all the college guys out there.
"And then, of course, you have your 'Time Cook'."
Of course this is just a standard microwave right here.
This one you'll click here and this is where you can actually type in how long you want it to be.
"So I want it to be 1 minute and 23 seconds long, for instance."
So I'll go ahead and hit 'Clear'.
We have 'Potato'.
"This is good for your baked potatoes, and so on and so forth."
"If you hit 'Auto Defrost', it'll ask you to enter the weight of the item that you're going to be defrosting."
"If your clock isn't working, right now it's 2:41 here, if it's not working you can click that and then you'll go ahead and type in what time it is."
"Some other good features -on the inside of every single microwave, there's usually a sticker, whether it's on the top, or the side, wherever it may be, these are all your other settings."
These will let you know exactly how long your presets are going to be and any other major settings you're allowed to change with your microwave.
"So, go ahead and open your microwave."
"We have, of course, all of our buttons on the outside."
"Check inside, look around, see what you can find."
Go ahead and play around with it.
"Like I said, just to make sure that you do cook things properly, to avoid things drying."
That's the basic uses of your microwave.
"We have our numeric buttons, of course, if we want to type in how long we want something to be in there."
"Most microwaves will have a 30 second thing, so if you just want something to be in there for 30 seconds or to add 30 seconds to whatever you have."
A good thing about this one is you actually have a power setting.
"Whenever you see something that is microwavable, it'll say to microwave it on a medium, high or low, of course, this is the button that you want to press to adjust that."
"Do listen to those because if you microwave something on high that needs to be low, it will dry it out completely."
"You got to remember a microwave actually speeds up the water molecules inside of your food to cause heat, so if you evaporate all those water molecules, you will have no more moisture inside of your food."
"Get down on one knee is going to illustrate to your dog the process of learning the ""leave it"" command."
Not every dog can simple see the item and not eat it.
"So, what I want you to practice with your dog is bait them with a treat, get down on one knee and lightly hold their collar."
This is going to show them just a light resistance and they are going to learn to be still before you put the object down that they shouldn't be eating.
It is good to always have a collar on your dog because it always illustrates dominance with you the human and it teaches your dog to be more submissive.
"As your dog learns the ""leave it"" command better, you will no longer have to be down on one knee."
"But it's important in the beginning to get down on the knee, lightly hold your dog so they learn not to eat the object on the floor."
Good dog.
"Another offensive move that can come in handy, when you need a fast one, is the flick."
"The flick can be hard to master, and I recommend that you practice on someone other than a person because flicking hurts."
"And even in play when you're doing it correctly, flicks are not comfortable, so be aware that someone, if you begin flicking excessively those are probably what those dirty looks are about that you've been getting."
"Proper flicking technique does not land on the flat of the blade, it actually engages the tip, because of course, that's the only way you're going to land that touch."
"A flick is exactly what it sounds like though, where you actually, you engage the wrist to do a fast, flicking motion with your foil."
"The foil's the lightest and most flexible weapon, so it actually bends quite easily, and you can see there's a little bit of curve in the blade as I flick."
"Which is, as it turns out, perfect for reaching over an opponent?s back and landing a hit, a touch on that hard to reach, hard to parry target area?"
"So, from the side, a flick looks something like this."
"So, again, a fast attack, it darts out, it does engage that straight arm, but you can flick an opponent in the back, from in front of them very quickly, with the proper technique."
"So practice on a wall, like the padded walls we have here, practice on a dummy."
Practice on something besides a person until you master that technique.
"This Koshinage hip throw is going to be from an overhead strike, Shomen uchi."
Right here.
"He's not on my upper back, he's not twisted."
He's centered on my back.
"So Daniel comes in, I'm here, to the side, catch that leg, and load him up on your hips."
Let's do that one more time.
"I'm here, protect myself, load him on the hips, load him up, just like this."
Let's go ahead and do the throw now.
Here.
And we'll do that one more time.
"And that is Koshinage, or hip throw, from an overhead, Shomen uchi, strike."
This is a very dynamic throw.
"As Daniel's coming in, I need to close the gap to him."
"And I use his cut, as he's cutting down, as part of the technique."
"It's very difficult just to heave him off the ground, so I want him to do most of the work."
"Because you're going to come in, and enter the gap, close to him, and cut him down over my back."
"I'm here, I've loaded him in my hips here."
"Literally load him up onto my body, and I would use my hip flip motion to turn him over."
"As you notice it's pretty easy for me to turn around with Daniel, because he's on my hips."
Hi.
I'm Travis Corpering and here we are at Carolina Beach Recreation Center and I'm about to teach you how to tomahawk dunk a basketball.
"The harder you bring it down, the less likely they're going to be willing to try it again."
"So, try that tomahawk dunk."
"Finish it with authority the first time, so the next time you come into paint, they'll have second thoughts."
There you have it -- the tomahawk dunk.
"Now, first of all, you want to actually be able to dunk before you get into trying to do anything complex or fancy."
"But, if you're already at that level and you're ready to move on up to the next level, here's how you get started."
"What you want to do is, you want to take off, just like a regular dunk, 45 feet out and once you take off, you want to raise up and actually bring the ball behind your head."
Bringing the ball behind your head actually can be effective during the game.
"A tomahawk can actually be effective during the game if you're trying to dunk and finish strong on somebody underneath the basket, because bringing the ball back makes them have to actually reach for the ball."
You're more prone to get a foul call and complete the dunk.
"So, you want to bring it up behind your back."
Touch your numbers if you can and bring it down over the rim with authority so that no one can block your shot.
"Hey, my name is Addison from Captain Bill's, and I'm going to show you, how to do a pancake in volleyball."
"Pancake in volleyball is, when you take your hand and put it onto the ground like a pancake, and the ball lands on top."
"So when you're try to do a pancake, what you want to do is, you want to lay all the way out, extend your body to its fullest ability and try to aim for your hand to be under the ball, so the ball pops straight up."
"In indoor volleyball it's very effective, because you have a hard ground, and a lot of times you need to sprawl out for a ball, so when you're sprawling out for a ball, you want to dive, and like I said, stretch out your body, and stretch out your arm, and make sure your hand is under, flat on the ground, and underneath the ball, so the ball pops straight up."
"And beach volleyball is used every once and a while, but not a whole lot, because the sand is very unstable, and you can't get a good, you can't get your hand on the ground, and have a flat surface to get up the volleyball."
And that's how to pancake a volleyball.
"Hi I'm James Dix from reptile rescue service in Salt Lake City, Utah."
And we are discussing how to take care of your painted turtle or either an aquatic turtle or painted turtle.
Pretty much the same thing just a different species.
This particular one here is an Asian leaf turtle but you would give them a habitat that would be in your house a twenty gallon tank filtration system.
Make sure that you have a log or a rock that they can climb up out of the water cause they do like to Basque under a heat lamp.
You need to put in a zoom in heat lamp depending on what size tank would be the wattage they can tell you how deep your tank is what you would need at the pet store.
Most of the time it's seventy five watt and up.
"It's very critical that you keep their water clean, that you have a good filtration pump because if you don't the pump will plug up and they can get fungus and other diseases."
It's also very important to let your children know or whoever is handling the turtle that always wash your hands afterwards cause aquatic turtles carry a lot of pin worms and salmonella.
So make sure that you do follow these procedures and these little tips on keeping your hands clean and you'll have a healthy turtle and also nobody will catch anything from your turtle.
"Ok. To start off your nail art, if the person that you're doing nail art on, or if you're doing it on yourself, you're going to need to remove any nail polish that is on the natural nail, or on the acrylic nail."
"To do that, you start by getting a lint free cotton ball."
"It just makes it easier, if you have a little system to go through."
"And as you take it off, make sure that there's not any polish left over on the fingernail itself."
"You may also have to actually go underneath the nail, to get any excess polish off."
"And then once you've removed the polish from all ten nails, you'll be ready to start your nail art design."
And this is how you just take off the polish.
Off of all ten nails.
"You prefer lint free just because you don't want any little hairs, or any little pieces of anything getting into the polish to mess up your design."
"You're going to take your polish remover, also known as acetone."
"Saturate your cotton ball with it, and then you're going to start removing the polish from all ten nails."
"When you use a lint free cotton ball, it tends to make clean up a little less messy."
You can get into all the crevices a little easier.
And you're just going to start taking the polish off one nail at a time.
"If you happen to see any fuzz left over, just pull it off."
I like to start by starting with the pinkie nail and working into the thumb.
"Okay the next exercise we're going to do with the medicine ball, and we're going to work again in tandem, two people, it's called the kick toss."
It's not as easy as it looks.
"He's going to toss it up into the air and I'm going to catch it. Okay. He's going to load it and he's going to toss it straight up, okay?"
As high as we can get it.
There we go.
So I toss it back to him.
He loads it.
He tosses it back up to me.
"I toss it to him, he loads it."
Toss it back.
What we're going to do is we're going to have Guy get down on his back.
Kick toss.
There we go.
Okay Guy.
What do you feel that that's working for you.
"It's working my ab, it's getting my inner thigh, calves."
It's pretty good.
Full lower body work out.
The kick toss.
What I'm going to do is I'm going to actually toss it to guy.
Guy is going to load it up on to his ankle area of his feet and toss it back up to me.
Whereas I'm going to catch it and then return it back to him again.
"So this is building his calves, his eye hand coordination while he's catching it, he's loading it, he's tossing it back up to me."
So we're getting quite a bit of different work outs here.
So I'm tossing it to Guy.
He's going to load it.
"In this segment, we are going to discuss the tools that you use working with glass."
"If you do it good enough, you can do a mobber."
Here is just a big graphite paddle this is used for all sorts of dimensions and to shape things with your glass.
The last one we are going to discuss here are the bead masher which would give you parallel edges whenever you are working which can finish out any kind of project.
"Any or all combination with these tools, you can also make sweet glass art."
"So first off obviously, is to start your torch you are going to need the igniter."
Now this is just your average igniter for your grill or whatever starts a little bit the flame.
"From beyond that we carry on to some tweezers which comes in many different sizes some big guys, some smaller ones here, we got ones with different edges and tips."
Here we have a pick to is for picking and dragging color through your glass art.
Here we have a graphite rimer.
A graphite is very important with glass because the glass does not stick to the graphite when the glass is blown.
Beyond that we are going to use glass shears which we can cut glass in high temperature.
Here we have a marble mobber which is a hand held mobber hand you can round off ends off whatever you are working on.
NATHAN MCCULLOUGH: Hi.
I'll take my thermostat housing itself and slip it down into position over my thermostat.
"And once I have it in place, I'm going to go ahead and start my bolts."
It is a good idea to start all of your bolts before tightening any of them down.
"That way, you can ensure that all of the bolts will be lined up correctly."
"If you were to tightened one bolt down, just throw the bolt in and tighten one down, then you may not be able to start any of the other ones."
"For some of the harder-to-reach bolts, you may find it necessary to take and just remove the ratchet from your socket end extension assembly and slip the bolt into it."
"And from there, you can go ahead and get a little bit better reach down into some very remote locations."
"Okay, once you have all three of them or two of them, depending upon your particular case, start it and hand tight."
It's okay to go ahead and torque them.
You're going to want to use the start pattern when you're torquing down any kind of gaskets including a thermostat gasket.
"In these clips, we're going to talk about the proper way to remove and replace your vehicle's thermostat."
"And the concept is pretty much to go from one bolt, you just have to pick one and start with it, to going to the next farthest one away."
"So, from there, we're going to hop right up to here and we're going to run this one down."
All right.
And that is the proper way to install your vehicle's thermostat and the thermostat housing.
"In this clip, we're going to talk about the proper way to reinstall your vehicle's thermostat and the engine thermostat housing."
"I have my thermostat right here in hand, I'm going to sit it on top of my intake plenum and I have my thermostat housing."
What I'm going to do is take and seat my thermostat into the lower intake manifold where it goes and sits right in there.
The location is going to vary widely depending upon the make and model.
"Generally, however, they are in the intake manifold."
You'll see it's seated right there.
You want to make sure it's seated good and flushed and that there is no debris on the intake side that will affect your sealing surface.
So a week before when you start your training physical training for the marathon you really need to know what your city requires in order for you to be able to compete in the marathon.
So usually this happens way in advance for example here in New York City you have to actually run 9 races the previous year with road runners in order to qualify for next years marathon.
So you need to get all the details you don't want to do the training and then be disappointed it if you don't meet the deadlines and applications to get in.
So it all depending where you are and what does requirements are.
Today we're going to learn how to make coiling.
The coiling style is really interesting because you can make many different things out of it.
"With the industrial wire, you're going to want to keep in mind that unless you clean it with steel wool, there may be some residue that comes off of that."
That may be on your hands.
"Wrapping that with your hands is very simple, or you can use your pliers to wrap it."
Holding it into to place and wrapping it around.
You'll end up with something like this.
"This can be used as an accent to bracelets, jewelry and any type of earrings."
"You can hang things off of it, or you can just keep that really cool style that makes it a great accent to any piece of jewelry."
That's how you coil around a larger wire.
"To start, you're going to want to use different kinds of wires."
"Down here, we're going to start with a piece of industrial wire."
"This is kind of a larger, thicker piece of wire that you're actually going to want to use professional wire cutters to cut."
"Otherwise, if you use your pliers or your smaller wire cutters, you're going to probably damage them."
"Using the industrial wire, you're going to cut off a piece of this and you're going to want very pliable wire."
This easily bendable and this is going to coil very nicely around the wire.
You can actually do this just with your hands or you can do with the pliers.
I'm going to start with my hands just wrapping the bendable wire around the very firm industrial wire.
"Hi, I'm Casey I'm with Elements University."
In this segment I'm going to give you a few tips on clipper cutting.
"Before you start cutting the one thing you want to make sure as when you come up with the clippers upside the head, you want to make sure that you rock it out at the top."
Right at the line where you are ready to end.
"If you come in and pull it straight out, what will end up happening is you'll get lines right in this section of the head."
You will actually see the lines of your clipper blade so again it's extremely important as you're coming up to rock out with the clipper blade.
Stay tune for our next segment and I'm going to give you one more tip on clipper cutting.
Okay in order to have successful gimbap you have to have good successful sticky rice.
And I got about a 1 1/2 cup of rice that I have already washed in this bowl.
I'm going to add about 3 cups of water.
Now I'm just using the bowl so I can get the rest of the rice out of it.
3 cups of water and I like to add a little extra to make sure the rice is nice and sticky and it would hold the gimbap together.
"I'm going to move it over, put it onto a flame on high flame."
Oops on the other burner and then what you want to do is let this come to a boil.
As soon as it comes to a boil put a lid on it and in 20 minutes you have a perfect pot of rice.
In this segment we're going to cover a bet called Daily Double.
This is one of the more complicated bets that you can actually place at a racing establishment.
"And, we'd actually have to stop it after the second line because there's no third and fourth place that we're going to worry about."
"And, in this wheel it's not first place and it's not second place, it's first race, second race, so again if we go back to our example: let's say we wanted to do one, two, three and four, five, six, we would do, ok, I want to do a Daily Double at this, I want to go to this track, do a one dollar daily Double."
"I want to wheel the one, two, three, that's dog, horse or dog, one, two, or three coming in first place, on race two."
"And, then four, five, six would be the wheel for the second race to come in first."
"So, we want one, two, or three to come in first for race two, or four, fix and six to come in for race three."
"It's not interchangeable, if you box it, you'd have to box a one, two, three, four, five, six and the reason it gets really expensive is it starts putting one, two, three, four, five, six for race two."
"And, then one, two, three, four, five, six for race three."
"So, you're basically paying one dollar for each of those bets in every single combination that there is and trust me there's a lot of them, especially with that many numbers, you're basically taking those six positions and writing out every single combination of those numbers in every single way."
"And, that's basically a Daily Double."
"A Daily Double is basically an Exacta, with a really big twist."
"You are betting on what's coming in first for the race in which that bet starts, and then the next race after that, on which number is going to come in first."
"So, to explain that in a little better way."
Let's say that the Daily Double starts in race two and ends in race three.
"So, for race two, we're picking what number we think is going to come in first, and that's the very first number we put in a Daily Double."
The second number is what's going to come in for the second race in the first position.
"We can wheel this and we can also box it, but boxing gets really complicated on this bet and it's also really expensive."
"If we were to wheel this, the first half of our wheel, if you remember back to our wheel, was a one."
"Sukhasana, easy sitting pose."
"Sukhasana, easy sitting pose."
"We're going to learn to do Sukhasana with a belt, because oftentimes, as you're getting used to sitting on the floor, it's not that comfortable for your lower back."
"We're going to learn to do Sukhasana with a belt, because oftentimes, as you're getting used to sitting on the floor, it's not that comfortable for your lower back."
"Create the length, receive and enjoy."
"Create the length, receive and enjoy."
"But we can use a belt to support your lower back, and support the whole pose."
"But we can use a belt to support your lower back, and support the whole pose."
"You're going to need at least a ten foot belt, and then you're just going to make it, hook the belt, and then make it equal."
"You're going to need at least a ten foot belt, and then you're just going to make it, hook the belt, and then make it equal."
You're going to take your belt behind your lower back.
You're going to take your belt behind your lower back.
"Then as you've looped it, there's two loops."
"Then as you've looped it, there's two loops."
"You're going to put one on one knee; you're going to come around, and put it on the other knee."
"You're going to put one on one knee; you're going to come around, and put it on the other knee."
"Now I need to suggest that the buckle is not near your skin, because that's not going to be comfortable on you."
"Now I need to suggest that the buckle is not near your skin, because that's not going to be comfortable on you."
"Once you have yourself locked in, you'll be able to lower the belt, and the belt is going to support the whole body, so that you can sit here and meditate if that's what you choose to do."
"Once you have yourself locked in, you'll be able to lower the belt, and the belt is going to support the whole body, so that you can sit here and meditate if that's what you choose to do."
"Then if this is not kind to your knees, which again, is a lot of things that happens when you're just getting started, find your blocks and rest the knees."
"Then if this is not kind to your knees, which again, is a lot of things that happens when you're just getting started, find your blocks and rest the knees."
"So why is it important to warm up, to have warm up postures, warm up movements, before the regular yoga postures, the Asana?"
"So why is it important to warm up, to have warm up postures, warm up movements, before the regular yoga postures, the Asana?"
It's important because of a number of things.
It's important because of a number of things.
"You want to warm up your muscles a bit, before you come in to a full-blown posture."
"You want to warm up your muscles a bit, before you come in to a full-blown posture."
"You want to move the spine in the six directions that it's capable of moving, so that you can warm up those movements, and get your body ready."
"You want to move the spine in the six directions that it's capable of moving, so that you can warm up those movements, and get your body ready."
"The muscles, the bones, getting them ready for the actual postures."
"The muscles, the bones, getting them ready for the actual postures."
It's a good idea to practice six movements of the spine.
It's a good idea to practice six movements of the spine.
We're going to go over that.
We're going to go over that.
"It also helps you, doing warm ups also helps you, to notice your edge."
"It also helps you, doing warm ups also helps you, to notice your edge."
You can find out in an easy way where the edge for you is in each movement of the spine.
You can find out in an easy way where the edge for you is in each movement of the spine.
"So it's really important to make sure, that before you come into the rest of your practice, you've practiced some warm up movements."
"So it's really important to make sure, that before you come into the rest of your practice, you've practiced some warm up movements."
Proper fit for a baggier jersey is really a lot of it is just personal preference.
Obviously you don't want things to be so long that they get caught on things on the side of the trail and stuff like that.
But at the same time you don't want things to be tight enough that you can't accomplish the things that you're trying to accomplish by wearing a looser jersey.
"Like you can see when I put this one on, it's loose enough that if I wanted to wear some padding on my chest or on my arms, I'd have that option."
It's not super constricting and it'd be pretty comfortable for going out and riding.
"For a warmer jersey, this is a really nice wool jersey."
I love wool as a fabric for a cyclist because it doesn't smell after a while like acrylic fabrics cans and it's also really good at removing moister.
My wool jersey has a similar fit to I had with my more traditional road fit jersey.
A little bit looser in the elbows and a much looser hem which makes it work a lot better with a baggy short.
Alright the drink we are about to make is called Cowboy Killer.
First thing we'll do is put our ice in a glass and add one shot of tequila.
Set up a glass and give it a pour.
And we get a nice frothy beverage.
There we go.
And don't be afraid to kick the cowboy boots and the shit kickers and enjoy a Cowboy Killer.
Bottoms up.
There we go.
Follow that up with a half a shot of Bailey's.
And also a half a shot of butterscotch schnapps.
And finally we'll just fill it up the rest of the way with half and half.
There we go.
And we'll go ahead and mix this up real well.
"And if you'd had a long day of raising and roping broncos, just make yourself a cowboy killer."
And that's a good way to finish off your day.
CINDY MASTRY: A really great way to stretch your shoulders and even help if you have a rotator cuff injury is Gomukasana working on the upper body.
"So I'm going to ask Faith to just turn back on the diagonal and come in to her Gomukasan legs, cow face."
She's going to bring that hand down and just pat herself right in between her shoulder blades.
Good.
It might even take time to take a little triceps stretch right here.
Good.
"Then she's going to take her left arm extended out to the side and rotate forward, internally rotate with her shoulder, and then bend her elbow and bring her other arm around and approach grabbing onto her hands."
This is where the strap really comes in handy.
"So if you don't have a strap, you could also just grab on to your shirt or a scarf or maybe you have a belt."
Good.
So this strap is going to allow her to gently walk her fingers closer as her body as she holds and breathes into the stretch.
"She's just going to be able to release just a little bit more, and with each inhale lengthening, with each exhale opening up her shoulders, opening up through her heart and bringing her hands just a little bit closer together."
Good.
"Till eventually, she can hold each other's hands."
Stacking her knees on top of each other.
Good.
Sitting square on both her sit bones.
Good.
She's going to take her right arm out to the side and reach it up over her head and internally rotate.
Good.
So her palm faces as far back as possible.
"So once your lid has had a chance to set up and dry just a little bit, set it into your bottle and make sure that it fits nicely."
That's about just exactly what I wanted.
"And once you've got it on there, you can make it into whatever shape you want it to be."
"You can carve, you can let it sit to leather hard, and then carve a form into it, if you want, or you can just make a little pointy knob, which is what I'm going to do."
And I'm pushing in here so that I have somewhere to grab.
So there we go.
It has a nice little organic looking knob.
"And then take, I'm not going to throw a knob, I'm just going to make a little hand-pinched knob."
So I'm just going to take a little bit of clay and roll it up.
And then just kind of pinch it with my fingers into a cone.
"And that's a little bigger than I want, so I'm just going to cut a little bit of the base off there."
"Now I'll take my scoring tool again, and score the top of the knob."
"Score the top of the stopper, that is."
"Score the bottom of the knob, and then just push it right on there."
"And I'm going to smooth it in, all the way around, just gently with my finger."
Now that our butter and sugar have been fully mixed.
And then we are going to do what we did with the first one we are going to mix it in fully before going to the next step.
It is time to add the eggs; we are going to add two eggs but one at a time.
We are going to mix each one fully before we add the second.
Be careful when adding each egg; make sure you don't get any shell in there.
"Start mixer off slowly before speeding it up a bit, the important thing when mixing it is that the egg yolk breaks before you speed it up this will help ensure you are not splattering the egg."
Let's speed it up.
And when we need to scrape down the side a bit before adding the next egg.
Right now there is lots of sugar in there compared to the amount of egg so it is not really changing the consistency very much but making it a bit wet.
Now we are going to add our second egg.
So what we want to do is put a little oil into the pan you can use corn oil or canola oil or peanut oil whatever you like just to coat the bottom of the pan cause we're going to be cooking our beef and our pork and we even added some ground beef to it.
So what we want to do is put a little oil into the pan you can use corn oil or canola oil or peanut oil whatever you like just to coat the bottom of the pan cause we're going to be cooking our beef and our pork and we even added some ground beef to it.
You can use lean but I don't use the one 15% fat because it's going to add a lot of flavor to chili it's not a low cal dish anyway so go ahead and put it on your heated high.
You can use lean but I don't use the one 15% fat because it's going to add a lot of flavor to chili it's not a low cal dish anyway so go ahead and put it on your heated high.
Get the sizzling really well and we'll start to put in our beef right in little cubes of beef you'll see it going to be really meaty and chewy it's going to be awesome.
Get the sizzling really well and we'll start to put in our beef right in little cubes of beef you'll see it going to be really meaty and chewy it's going to be awesome.
"And then we'll put in our ground beef as well this will start sizzling very shortly, here's our ground beef just kind of break it off and move it around there."
"And then we'll put in our ground beef as well this will start sizzling very shortly, here's our ground beef just kind of break it off and move it around there."
"Then we're going to season this up this is about a pound of ground beef too so depending on how many your going to be making this for this is probably going to feed around 10 people easily, you can start to hear that sizzle come up."
"Then we're going to season this up this is about a pound of ground beef too so depending on how many your going to be making this for this is probably going to feed around 10 people easily, you can start to hear that sizzle come up."
Somebody did somebody wrong song.
How to say you're sorry.
"Oh, right, did you have a couple of drinks and sit there and cry and slobber and say I'm sorry?"
"Well that's not going to get it, is it?"
"When you say you're sorry you must do it quietly, don't scream it, I've heard that before."
"You sit quietly and look, I'm deeply sorry, use an adjective before it."
"I'm really sorry, I'm deeply sorry, I'm objectively sorry."
I feel horribly sorry.
"Use something more than just sorry, I'm sorry, no, means nothing."
"If you're going to do it, mean it, don't do it very often."
It loses its impact.
"If you have to do it very often it means you're obviously doing something wrong, and that goes for man or woman."
"This is Doctor Paul, author of Boomer Girls: A Boomer Woman's Guide to Men and Dating and host of Ask Doctor Paul."
Okay.
I'm sorry is not good enough.
Even writing it down can be helpful.
"Getting a card that says I'm really, truly sorry for what occurred, whatever the incident may be."
And there are greeting cards out there with that.
"So if you're going to say you're sorry, the only thing Doctor Paul suggests is be believable."
"This is Doctor Paul, may your fantasies of today be your realities of tomorrow."
"How to say I'm sorry, number one, don't overdo it, all right."
If you say sorry every time you turn around whenever you say sorry is never going to be believed.
"So when you say you're sorry, be believable."
If you use the term all the time it loses its impact.
"So, number one, how to say you're sorry, do it with believability."
"I have often had callers say, well I told him I'm sorry and I say okay, is that how you said it?"
How did you say you're sorry?
"Now instead of kicking with the front leg, we're going to go into back leg round house kick."
"also think that this is a person with arms and legs, you want to get out of the way so he can't hit you o.k."
it's a little different move front and we're going to show that right now so we're going to use the back leg o.k.
"this is now our front leg, this is our back leg."
we're kicking with the back.
"As you step, the front leg has to pivot."
"that way you don't hurt your knee, now the back leg is set up for that kick."
"You have to use your hips, the whole body rotates into that bag so the pivoting on that foot o.k."
One more time.
"So you take the front leg, step over to the side."
"One of the other products that comes from the older coconut, the harder part is what we call shredded coconut which is in this form right here."
"One of the other products that comes from the older coconut, the harder part is what we call shredded coconut which is in this form right here."
"This has many, many uses one of the great uses for this is people are used to using milk in a lot of the things that they use and eat on a daily basis."
"This has many, many uses one of the great uses for this is people are used to using milk in a lot of the things that they use and eat on a daily basis."
"And with this coconut you can take a cup of this shredded coconut you can put it in your blender and then you can take two cups of warm water, not hot water but warm water, you can blend that in a blender and then pour that blended juice on a cheese cloth and you can squeeze that and what you end up with is what I call coconut milk."
"And with this coconut you can take a cup of this shredded coconut you can put it in your blender and then you can take two cups of warm water, not hot water but warm water, you can blend that in a blender and then pour that blended juice on a cheese cloth and you can squeeze that and what you end up with is what I call coconut milk."
"This coconut milk, from the books that I've studied about coconuts, is the next best thing to mother's milk for a baby would be coconut's milk."
"This coconut milk, from the books that I've studied about coconuts, is the next best thing to mother's milk for a baby would be coconut's milk."
It has all the nutrients in all the right form ready for an infant if the mother doesn't have breast milk.
It has all the nutrients in all the right form ready for an infant if the mother doesn't have breast milk.
"So, you want to know how to keep your teeth white naturally."
"Well, my name's Michelle, and I'm a Dental Assistant with Solutionz, and I'm going to explain that for you."
You can brush your teeth with it; create like a bubble effect on your teeth.
"Actually, you can let it sit there for about a few minutes, and then rinse your mouth out with water."
You can gargle with hydrogen peroxide.
That will help with keeping your teeth white naturally.
"But other than that, those are the main things on how to keep your teeth white naturally."
"And once again, my name's Michelle, and I'm with Solutionz, and I just explained to you on how to keep your teeth white naturally."
There's several different methods and ways on how to keep your teeth white naturally.
One is that you can eat a lot of raw vegetables.
"That will keep all the bacteria and debris from sticking to your teeth, which then in return produces like a yellow film on your teeth, or you can actually mix salt and lemon together and create like a paste, and brush your teeth with that."
That's a natural form on how to keep your teeth white.
"It doesn't taste as great, but you would then want to of course wash your mouth out immediately with water, and then brush your teeth with your regular toothpaste."
"There is over-the-counter toothpaste that you can get for that to help your keep, keep your teeth white."
You also might want to rinse with hydrogen peroxide.
That is a great form on how to keep your teeth white naturally.
Hi!
Next we're going to work on jab-cross.
"Never lock your elbow out, keep a slight bent, and that's the jab."
The cross is a little different.
You pretend that this elbow is glued to your hip.
"From the back foot, you feel the energy come up and you pivot the back foot and push it out and back."
That's where the power comes is you put your whole body behind it.
"By turning into it, you get a lot of power and it feels really good, so that's the cross."
Just like that.
"What we're going to do today is we're going to jab with the left, pivot on the back foot, cross, and then bring your hands right back up."
We're going to use the weights for extra training and to do it slow and to feel the technique.
"If you watch the other clip, you'll see you can use 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 pound weight, whatever you feel is comfortable."
Let's get into the stance first because that's important.
"Now, the trick is when you do your jab the other hand never drops."
That's part of the workout.
So always keep your hands up at all times.
"You're going to jab with the left and then cross with the right, and bring it right back in."
"Jab, cross, right back in, jab, cross, right back in, jab, cross, and keep your elbows in tight, jab, cross, pivot on the back foot each time, jab, cross, back, jab, cross."
"Okay, that's it."
You're going to put your left leg in front and slightly bend your front knee and have your back foot off to the side a little bit.
Never be like this like you're on a tight rope.
It's really hard to balance.
"Have your foot here, hands are up, the elbow are in to protect your ribs, the hands are up to protect your beautiful face."
"With the jab, it's the left hand and you just come out and back and you never drop your hands."
Jab.
Keep it here and punch with these 2 knuckles with your hands straight.
"Not every item in our basket has to be edible, healthy or chocolaty or anything else in between."
"Not every item in our basket has to be edible, healthy or chocolaty or anything else in between."
Some of our items are just plain fun for children.
Some of our items are just plain fun for children.
So definitely keep in mind having at least a small stuffed animal of some sort.
So definitely keep in mind having at least a small stuffed animal of some sort.
"These often can become collectibles for years to come for children (a very special and cherished childhood memory) that will last much longer than the Easter grass will last, they will last longer than the basket."
"These often can become collectibles for years to come for children (a very special and cherished childhood memory) that will last much longer than the Easter grass will last, they will last longer than the basket."
They will certainly last longer than anything edible you have in your basket.
They will certainly last longer than anything edible you have in your basket.
These are great keepsakes!
These are great keepsakes!
You can find these for sale at a variety of stores.
You can find these for sale at a variety of stores.
Of course toy stores (you are going to pay more there); but also a variety of convenience and other stores.
Of course toy stores (you are going to pay more there); but also a variety of convenience and other stores.
"Around Easter you'll start seeing little, cute little bunnies will start popping up everywhere."
"Around Easter you'll start seeing little, cute little bunnies will start popping up everywhere."
And in this case stuffed animals are a great automatic choice.
And in this case stuffed animals are a great automatic choice.
"You can have them be a bigger bunny, if you have a bigger basket."
"You can have them be a bigger bunny, if you have a bigger basket."
"Or, maybe your bunny is watching guard over the basket when your little one discovers the basket for the first time."
"Or, maybe your bunny is watching guard over the basket when your little one discovers the basket for the first time."
There is that.
There is that.
But there a whole bunch of varieties.
But there a whole bunch of varieties.
You can also have something like this little guy right here.
You can also have something like this little guy right here.
Look at him.
Look at him.
"He could be a cute little guy in your basket hanging out with the chocolate eggs, you know."
"He could be a cute little guy in your basket hanging out with the chocolate eggs, you know."
"Hi, I'm Keith Fitzpatrick, this is hip hop aerobic moves and we're going to go over our jumping jack change."
"So with this one, this is kind of like regular jumping jack, but I put a ball change in there to kind of switch it up when we're doing the warm up."
"Bump here, bump here, and change, and change."
There's your jumping jacks change.
So all we're doing is we're starting our regular position here.
"We're jumping here, we jump here, we jump back here then we change and a change there."
"So we go up and up and a change, a change and up here, up here, and change, and change."
So all you do is make sure you start here in center.
"You want to jump all the way here, all the way up, all the way here, all the way back, then change, then change, and you're here, here, here, here, and change out and change out."
Make sure you get the bend in your knees.
Don't cheat.
"Make sure you come here, and back."
"So you use it every day but you don't actually know about the parts, kind of like me with a car, couldn't really tell you."
"So you use it every day but you don't actually know about the parts, kind of like me with a car, couldn't really tell you."
"I'm Laura Gibson, beauty expert, and I'm here to tell you about the parts of a curling iron."
"I'm Laura Gibson, beauty expert, and I'm here to tell you about the parts of a curling iron."
"Lets start at the bottom with our cord, pretty much gives you all your power, plug it into an outlet, turn on the on button, then you're going to go down here to your temperature gage, which is pretty cool, because most curling irons allow you to control that."
"Lets start at the bottom with our cord, pretty much gives you all your power, plug it into an outlet, turn on the on button, then you're going to go down here to your temperature gage, which is pretty cool, because most curling irons allow you to control that."
"Now here we have the clamp, it gives you tension so you can actually hold onto the hair as you're curling it."
"Now here we have the clamp, it gives you tension so you can actually hold onto the hair as you're curling it."
"The rod is- well it's pretty much of what I like to think of the engine, it's the actual heated part on your curling iron."
"The rod is- well it's pretty much of what I like to think of the engine, it's the actual heated part on your curling iron."
"However though, there are different types of curling irons, one would be your basic, which this is probably what you would use, and one would be your Marcel."
"However though, there are different types of curling irons, one would be your basic, which this is probably what you would use, and one would be your Marcel."
"The only difference is the clamp. A Marcel curling iron you control everything, so it doesn't just clamp close and that's that, you actually have to keep opening and closing, otherwise you're going to start getting some smoke and burnt hair."
"The only difference is the clamp. A Marcel curling iron you control everything, so it doesn't just clamp close and that's that, you actually have to keep opening and closing, otherwise you're going to start getting some smoke and burnt hair."
"Well, now that I've let you know about the parts of a curling iron, does anyone want to tell me about the parts of a car?"
"Well, now that I've let you know about the parts of a curling iron, does anyone want to tell me about the parts of a car?"
"I'm Laura Gibson, beauty expert, have a nice day."
"I'm Laura Gibson, beauty expert, have a nice day."
"In the Western print making tradition, the brayer is an essential element to the printmaking process."
"The brayers come in several different sizes, as you can see, I have several different brayers here and the size of the brayer is going to be dependent upon the size of the block."
"If I was to keep rolling over the block without putting more ink onto my brayer, I would simply be taking the ink back off of the block of wood."
"Now, the first time that you print, the block is going to be very thirsty."
"The more successive prints that you make, the less amount of ink that you will need to use."
"But when you first print, you're going to need to put on quite a bit of ink onto that block in order to get a nicely printed image."
"Luckily, since I pre-inked my block so that I could see my carve marks, I'm not working on a surface that doesn't have any ink on it whatsoever."
"So, it won't, it won't take as many layers of ink on it, as it would if it were just a thin block of wood."
"But, still it's going to need quite a bit."
"But also, where the imaginary is concentrated and how much space is carved away."
I've chosen this size brayer for this proof that we're about to pull.
"And, it's also very important for me to get a really nice sheet of ink, that isn't too gloppy, but isn't too thin."
"And it does take a little bit of time to get used to knowing how much ink you need, and how to get that nice layer of ink."
"But, it will become obvious, once you start laying the ink onto your block of wood."
"If there is too much ink on your brayer, you're going to get spots."
"If there's not enough ink on your brayer, than you're not going to get very much ink onto the block of wood."
"Now, every time I lay ink onto the wood, I'm going to re-charge my brayer of ink."
"Many people just love to pair wine and chocolate, and I do too, they're two of my best friends and a match made in heaven."
But wine and chocolate is a very complicated match up.
"If we can find that wine, it's just perfect."
"There's a lot of different types of chocolate out there, and each of them have their own method of pairing up with wine."
"But let's say for chocolate, the perfect match is a rich, sweet, red wine that can match on the taste, and the flavor, and the texture."
"In my opinion the best wine in the world for chocolate would be a nice ruby port, perhaps a late harvest Zinfandel, or even a sparkling Shiraz from Australia."
Try any of those wines with chocolate and you'll have a great match.
Here's why.
Chocolate has just about everything going for it.
It's very high in fat which is mouth coating and makes the wine taste a little thinner.
"Chocolate can also have a little bit of bitterness in it, which is something we have to be careful with."
Chocolate has lots and lots of sugar which can also make a wine pairing kind of tough.
"And chocolate is the most intense flavor on the face of the earth, in my opinion."
That can make it a little bit difficult for a wine to match up with chocolate.
"So what we need to do is find a wine that can stand up to the sweetness, stand up to the flavor, not have any bitterness, and not manage the onslaught of all that fat from chocolate."
Setting up a new room for your cat should be fairly straight forward.
"If you have cats already, you'll know some of the basic things that they need."
"And then once they're allowed to come out into the rest of the house, you can bring this bed out to their favorite spot, they'll already have a place that's familiar to them that they feel safe and comfortable in."
"If this is your first cat, then let me go over everything you'll need to have a happy, healthy cat in its own isolation room."
"The first thing you'll need is a litter box, you want to make sure it's nice and big, and has a type of litter that the cat is already use to."
This is a non-clumping litter.
"If you can find out what your cat has had before its come to you, it will be great to have the same litter that its had all along for it to have an easier transition."
"The next thing you want to have, is you want to have a scratching area for your cat, it can be a sisal scratching post or a scratching pad, it doesn't have to be something this big, just something that the cat can have so that it can fulfill its need to scratch things."
Next you want to have some toys in place.
"This is a great little bouncy toy, it doesn't take up very much room, and the cat can play with this in all different ways, it can grab it and pull it down or bat it around, and it will give your kitty something to do while it's in its new room."
"Also you want to have some kind of a bed for your kitty, a little hammock like this on this condo is great, or you can have a free standing cat bed that has a little bit of a covering so they can really hunker down in there and feel like they're hiding, this will give them a place where they're very safe."
"Okay, here showing that shoulder shrug to the wrist lock again."
"Okay, this is a bit theoretical, it takes a lot of practice to do."
"Here, and to do it fast I'm going to rotate the other foot back for power."
"You can break his wrist here but I won't 'cause of my partner but I could easily just break his wrist on the throw, and then go to neon belly to finish."
"And do some punches, elbows, whatever you want to do."
"Soccer kicks right there, and then go in with the arm bar, okay."
"So full speed, your shoulder shrug from the collar tie."
"So here is full speed, shoulder shrug to the wrist lock to your arm bar, shrug it off."
"A little fun technique you guys should practice, safely of course under professional supervision."
Hope you had fun with it.
"But if you practice it be surprised, I pulled this off on pretty decent grapplers from blue belts and what not, when grappling live, so if you're grappling live you could pull it off a lot of ways."
"I mean there's other options I would do self defense but this, you know, when full punches are going I'll probably just come in and go to something else."
But this is a technique that you should put in your repertoire.
"So this is a shoulder shrug to the wrist lock, take down and possibly an arm bar follow up if you get good at it."
"So you're going to shoulder shrug that off, and then come over the top for the wrist lock."
"Shoulder shrug it off, boom, and in this the elbow comes right to the hand."
"Boom, right there, thumb on top, thumbs together, pair all your fingertips together, you're making, here's the wrist lock."
You're making motion here and you want to take the hand and separate the shoulder.
"This style of sunglasses is almost a little reminiscent of the blue blockers, those sunglasses that block everything."
"But with the coat lapels coming up and the hair being busy, I wanted to have something that was simple, a standard, traditional silhouette for sunglasses, I definitely want sunglasses, that was part of the collection, but I wanted to have something that was effortless and simple and that didn't make a statement and didn't detract from the jacket."
So I made shield-type sunglasses.
"And they're very, very simple to draw."
"Start at your midpoint, there is no bridge here because they're one piece of material, plastic."
"So make your midpoint and then draw the top edge, and then make sure you go back to the nose, to the midpoint, and draw your curved out, one side, and then draw your curved out other side."
"And then fill in, and there you have it."
Hi!
It's really about what the asparagus itself looks like.
"You want to make sure you have a consistent color from the top almost to the bottom, knowing that you're going to trim the bottom end here."
"When you look at pieces like this, you can see there's much more of a difference in the color."
You're going to get one or two within a bunch that are going to have that variation.
But you want to avoid large bunches that all look like this.
"This is not going to be very tender, not going to be very flavorful."
"The other thing that you want to look at, and I have two bunches here."
"This is a more fresh set and you can look at the tips and they're pretty much all together, they're a little fluffy, they've got a little spring to them."
"And when you look over here, you're going to see that these have sort of started to kind of decay."
They're soft and mushy at the top.
Ever wonder how to pick good asparagus in a grocery store?
Some of them are worse than others.
Let's see.
That kind of gives you a good idea.
This is usually what you get when you take it out of your crisping drawer in your refrigerator after a week.
This is not what you should be taking home from the grocery store.
Now one thing you need to consider when picking up asparagus at the store is how are the vegetables stored.
And every grocery store is a little bit different.
This particular bunch was actually piled up on top of crushed ice.
"And I know if you go to grocery stores early in the morning, they're piling crushed ice on the vegetable and produce area and then they're just stacking their vegetables on top."
This is one instance where pulling from the bottom may not be so smart.
Most people look at it and think the skinniest ones are going to be the most tender.
"If you look at this piece here, this has been pushed against the ice."
"So what's happening is it's actually freezing the asparagus along the edge, and it's causing it to decay."
It's going to create ice crystals within the asparagus which is going to basically make that mushy.
"The more that happens, the worst product you have in the end."
"So in this case, just take a look."
"Open it up, make sure you're getting the freshest, nicest asparagus you can have."
It's going to last longer.
It's going to taste better at home.
"To a degree, that is true."
"But, there are actually different varieties of asparagus that many people don't necessarily know about."
"There's pencil size, there's this size here, and then there's the larger, thicker, chunkier size which are typically, depending on what you're doing, a little more tough."
"But depending on how you cook it, you can tenderize it."
"Today, we're really talking about picking fresh asparagus."
It doesn't really matter what variety you're picking.
"Oh, oh excuse me just having a little liquid refreshment."
This here is a mug.
Now let's take a look at the common yucky Japan mugs that you find these everywhere.
You don't want to buy these if you find them because they're pretty much worth nothing but everybody thinks they're great.
"If you want to put them away for 20, 30 years, don't count on this for retirement."
Okay.
"Then let's talk about, this is an interesting concept here."
This is one of my favorites because I like Las Vegas collectibles.
"This is a Japan, and that's a whole other topic, a whole other documentary, Las Vegas collectibles."
This is an old casino that used to be downtown that no longer is.
But isn't it cute?
And it says on here in German words or something.
And it's a made in Japan mug.
So made in Japan.
Many uses.
Some are more collectible than others given the topic or who it is or what it does.
"So remember, Japan, bottoms up."
And on the bottom it says Avon.
I don't know if you saw one of mine but we talked about Avon once.
"And this is, has got a tag that's in that, remember I mentioned it was the foil tag?"
This is a made in Japan Avon mug.
So it's still cute.
I'm not big on mugs but this is a newer made in Japan Avon mug.
"I would say, I don't know, probably the 70's, 60's."
Hello!
Hello!
"If you were to write and imformative essay on say a historical figure and you pick Abraham Lincoln and you write the paper on how he was not an effective president, you purpose is lost; you're pursuading."
"If you were to write and imformative essay on say a historical figure and you pick Abraham Lincoln and you write the paper on how he was not an effective president, you purpose is lost; you're pursuading."
"You must fit your purpose in right, and usually the essays are pursuasive or an informative."
"You must fit your purpose in right, and usually the essays are pursuasive or an informative."
The first thing that you have to do to write an essay is figure out what your purpose is.
The first thing that you have to do to write an essay is figure out what your purpose is.
Purpose is very important.
Purpose is very important.
The purpose of the essay would be the aim of the essay or the plan of the essay.
The purpose of the essay would be the aim of the essay or the plan of the essay.
For instance if you're doing this for a professor or a high school teacher and they're telling you to write an imforative essay and you write a perssuasive.
For instance if you're doing this for a professor or a high school teacher and they're telling you to write an imforative essay and you write a perssuasive.
"As far as me being an English teacher for 20 years, I would have given an F to that student."
"As far as me being an English teacher for 20 years, I would have given an F to that student."
Purpose is so important.
Purpose is so important.
"If you don't meet your purpose, nothing else matters."
"If you don't meet your purpose, nothing else matters."
Let me give you an example of what I'm talking about.
Let me give you an example of what I'm talking about.
"The other types of intervals that you will find on the violin are half steps, so I'm going to play a half step on each of the four strings."
"On the G string, an A to a B flat, would be a half step."
"On a D string, a E to a F would be a half step."
"On the A string, a B to a C is a half step."
"And on the E string, an F sharp to a G is a half step."
"And there's other half steps, but this is again to just familiarize yourself so you know what half steps are."
"Typically the, the, best way to, to remember a whole step and a half step is that when you're playing a whole step, your fingers aren't touching."
"But when you're playing a half step, you fingers should be right next to each other."
My name is Alexson.
"So what we're going to do first is we're going to work on the upper body, and we're going to work on, pretty much, the shoulders and the joints attributed to the shoulders and the arms."
I'll be your therapist for today.
This is my series on massage therapy.
I am a massage therapist.
I've been studying body work and massage therapy for eight years now.
"I went to Englewood School of Massage in Newark, New Jersey, and now, I practice at Paypony Nail and Day Spa."
So we're going to begin today on sports massage.
"And sports massage is generally related to athletes, or weekend warriors, or people who kinda like workout, and then they might have problems affiliated with their workout, or maybe joint issues."
"Because in this particular massage, there's a lot of movement, there's a lot stretching and there's a lot of passive range of motion that we're going to kinda contribute to the therapeutic part of this massage."
When you display your iron stone you can display it on cabinets like this or open cabinets is a really subjective thing depends on how much room you have in your house and how you want to use it.
If you want to use it for just display your going to put it on the shelf and not take it out or if your going to put it in your cupboard and use it everyday.
"On some of this iron stone is durable enough to put in your dishwasher I highly recommend that people don't use them, that's just my from my experience I find that there is less chipping and the breaking down on the porcelain from the heat is not exactly the most ideal thing to do."
So washing them by hand is what I recommend but for displaying them you can it's pretty much a subjective thing you can display all your iron stone in one.
If you have one pattern or your just collecting cups and saucers you can display just the cups and saucers its really a subjective thing so it's whatever what you decide to collect.
And however much room you have to display these things is really up to you.
Here to talk about how to choose a motorcycle for a beginner.
"I'm standing over a dirt bike cause I feel it's a great idea to learn how to ride on a off road bike, or dirt bike, reason being is because they are, they are smaller displacement, their smaller in size, but yet they mimic a street bike exactly as far as the way the clutch operates, the gear shifter operates, and where the brake and control locations are."
"This, so it's a great bike to learn how to ride on and if you, simple accidents or if a layover is just minor plastic repair and opposed to a street motorcycle which can cost thousands of dollars for a simple layover."
"Other things that you can do is check with your local dealer, and your local state sponsored motorcycle safety riding courses which may be able to provide a motorcycle for you to learn on."
"When choosing to buy a motorcycle after you've learned how to ride already, you simply need to ask yourself what type of ride am I going to be doing, if I'm going to be doing touring riding, highway riding, simple commuting, or just around town, all of these will factor into what type of motorcycle you would want to purchase."
"Obviously starting off you would want a smaller displacement motorcycle, that you know, you can get comfortable on, learn how to ride that one properly, and then of course, you can always upgrade to a larger displacement motorcycle once you're comfortable on that particular model."
LAURA BANFORD: Now I'm going to show you some miscellaneous knives and their uses.
This is a cheese knife and it's used not for a soft but for a semi-soft or hard cheese to make slices.
"Now for something completely different I'm going to make some segments in a piece of citrus, this is an orange."
Not special in any way but I peeled it.
"I have my nice, long pointy vegetable knife."
And I want to make segments which means I want to get the fruit out from between the white pith.
I'm just going to go along the pith as you would to go along the skin of something to se--not to lose any flesh but to separate the segment.
There you go.
"Look at that, beautiful."
Let's do it again.
Let's pick a nicer one right here.
Got to go just inside the white pith and all you want is the flesh.
"This is a Jarlsberg cheese, nice Switzerland Swiss cheese."
"Now you're going to make a fruit cocktail or an ambrosia, you know that old fashioned retro dish with marshmallows and fruit?"
Ain't that beautiful.
And you want to separate the segments.
Here we go.
I'm going to cut the rind of the top of it.
Just get rid of it and show you how I'd make a nice slice.
"Nice, nice thin slice with my cheese knife."
There are other kinds of cheese knives but this is for a block cheese like a cheddar or a swiss.
Like a nice uniform cut.
Now you can slap that on a sandwich and make a grilled cheese with it or just add a--make a cheese plate out of it.
"Still one more and you're basically doing a downward movement, a fluid downward movement, no rocking, no sawing with your cheese knife."
What we want to talk about now is once the running back takes the hand off he first wants to go through the hole that he is assigned.
They want to get the running back to go as far outside as possible so they can make the tackle outside.
"So, he has to make a decision, either he goes through the hole he's assigned or he tries to cut it back up inside on the left or right."
He has to make a quick decision.
"The main thing is we want to get the ball north and south, not east and west."
Every time in the huddle the running back will get an assignment of which hole he is supposed to go through.
"Is he supposed to go through the three, is he supposed to go up the zero hole right behind the center, or is he supposed to go around the outside off tackle."
Once he has that assignment that's always his first option once he takes the ball.
"However, sometimes, the linemen don't get their jobs done and that's to open up that hole."
"Sometimes, if the running back's assignment was to go up the three hole and he finds out once he starts to step up and that three hole is closed."
He can't start dancing around and try to run outside and sweep around.
"Usually, if this hole is not open he can usually find another one close by but he has to get the ball up field instead of stretching it out."
That's what the defense wants to do.
Now I'm ready to make the backing of our picture frame.
"We're going to be using a second piece of cardboard, of carton, for this."
"So make sure you left enough room around the edges, the outer edges, of your picture frame. So now once I've drawn the outlines on the back of the picture frame I go ahead and cut around the edges being left with a square piece of cardboard that's going to sit right onto the back of the picture and make up the backing of the picture frame."
We see now that the backing that we've cut fits right over the picture frame and we've left enough border so that it doesn't fall through and it also doesn't show over the edges of the picture frame.
And now we go ahead and place the picture in between both pieces of cardboard and cover it with the plastic and we'll have a nice seal for our picture frame.
So now I've shown you how to make a backing for the picture frame.
"The way I get the size of the backing is I measure the space in the picture frame, the hole that's in the middle that I've cut for the picture, and I increase the size by a quarter of an inch."
"So whatever the size is I add a quarter of an inch around the entire border: first on the left side and the right side, then I measure the top and the bottom."
And I also add a quarter of an inch whatever the size is.
And once I have those measurements I go and take my second piece of cardboard and make my points using the same measurements that I just took from the inside of the picture frame.
And I make a line.
So once I've drawn my lines and I have the outline of the back that I want to use for the picture frame I can go ahead and start cutting it down to size.
"Of course when making the image of your picture frame, the actual drawing, you have to make sure that you leave this quarter of an inch around all sides of the picture without getting too close to the end of the picture frame."
Because you're going to need that extra space so that it hangs over and actually covers the picture from the back.
"In this segment we are going to talk about avoiding a lemon. You dont want to get stuck with a car that breaks down a lot, so finding out about any service records and finding out whether the car has been in an accident, finding out how the car was before you got it is a real good indicator of whether or not you will purchase yourself a lemon."
Dont forget to look for all those issues and small little things that could cause your car to break down continuously.
"In some states they offer a lemon law warranty on a new car, so if there are problems with that car when it was new, it should have been taken off the market before it comes to you as a used car but that is not true in all states."
"So buyer beware, make sure that you really do some investigative work to find out whether or not your car is the quality that you are looking for or is it just another lemon."
"Okay, so maybe you noticed, when we were doing that very simple arpeggiated fingerpicking, that the first beat of every measure is actually the low note in the chord."
What we call that in music is the root note of the chord.
Your thumb is playing the root notes of the chords that you're fingering with your left hand.
"So, but, the thing with the root notes is, when you're playing a chord on a guitar, that root might be on the low E string, it might be on the A string or it might be on the D string."
"And so that's why for fingerpicking style, I like to kind of dedicate my thumb to all three of those strings, because the root could, depending on the chord, could kind of be in any one of them."
"So, for example, for an E chord, the root is on the low E, so if I was to arpeggiate that, you know, I would pluck the low E with my thumb."
"But, for an A, the root is on the A string, which is one string up."
Okay?
"Well, I still want to use my thumb for that because, kind of one of the basics of fingerpicking is that you kind of dedicate your thumb to the low notes."
"So, for an A, the root's here."
"So, just kind of keep that in mind as you're learning to fingerpick, is where is the root of the chord, what note is that, and you might want to have your thumb dedicated to those roots."
"And so, what that means is, is if you're playing a C chord, the root is of the low C of that chord, or it's, basically, the first note in a C scale that that chord is based on."
"So, the root of the C chord is the C, the root of an E chord is E and, etcetera."
It's kind of elementary.
"But, musically, you want to play that root note kind of at the beginning of any fingerpicking sequence."
"So, if we go back to the ""Blue Moon,"" every sort of chord starts with the root."
"So, if I'm going, right, so that's going C, A, F, G those are the actual chords I'm playing and that's actually the note that is being played as that low note, that root, with each of those picking sequences."
Okay?
"So, that's really what your thumb is doing when you're fingerpicking."
"Now that the eyes and skin are done, the finishing touch is the lips."
"I'm going to use one of the pink powders, which was the same kind of mauve color I used on her lid."
That's completely up to you.
"For her, she's got nice big plump lips, so I'm just going to do the lip gloss without the lip liner."
Look how pretty that is.
"Very, very neutral."
Take any of these powders.
"This would be good a blush too, a really sheer pink blush."
"If you have a pink gloss you love, but you just want to add some oomph to it, you don't have to use a clear."
You can use any color.
"If you have a nude lip gloss that you want a little more pink, this is the time where you can experiment and mix and match."
"I just want it a little more glossy, so I'm going to add a little more gloss."
"I'm going to mix that with a clear lip gloss, and we're going to use that as lip gloss or lipstick."
I really used very little powder.
Just enough to give a bit of a color.
Look how pretty that is.
We just invented a new lip gloss.
"Again, you can use the back of your hand."
"You can use a Petri dish, a plate, anything just to mix it."
You just want to take a little bit of powder at a time and mix it with the clear gloss until you get your desired color.
"This is a natural look, so I don't want it too pinky."
I just want it really natural.
I'm going to add a little more lip gloss.
You can use lip liner if you want also.
"JOE WILES: We're coming in with 38 which is the ""House of the Rising Sun"" by The Animals."
Let's take a lot at the guitar.
"Now, get very familiar with those chords."
"Make sure you can switch between them with some fluency, okay?"
"In the next segment, we're going to put them altogether in order in the progression of this song with kind of an interesting right-handed strumming pattern, okay?"
I'll see you in that segment.
"Now before we begin this song, you're going to want to be familiar with a few chords."
The first one is an A minor chord.
"It's an open A string, 2nd fret on the D string, 2nd fret on the G string, 1st fret on the B string, and the open high E string, strum from the A string down, okay?"
"Next one, is going to be a C major chord, 3rd fret on the A string, 2nd fret on the D string, open G-string, 1st fret on the B string and the open high E. The next one is going to a D major chord."
"Open D string, 2nd fret on the G string, 3rd fret on the B string, and 2nd fret on the high E string."
"Next one is going to be a F major chord, 3rd fret on the D string, right here, 2nd fret on the G string, and then with your index finger, pad both the 1st frets of the B and the E string, okay?"
The last one you want to know is an E major chord.
"Open low E string, 2nd fret on the A string, 2nd fret on the D string, index finger with your 1st fret on the G string, then open B, open E, okay?"
"On this particular manikin, I would not recommend pulling her through a cap."
You just dip that into your product and you just paint it on where you want it.
"A lot of times it's great to use in the bang area or around your face, and you just grab out that piece of hair, take the product, begin where you want, and just bring it back down."
Just remember that around the midshaft of the hair you're going to want to dip the wand back in and reapply.
"Because otherwise you're going to get a really bright spot here, and not so bright here, and it won't look very natural."
"Now a days a lot of the highlights are starting to get away from looking natural, so you can get away with that."
Another thing that you can consider doing is not so much lightening so close to the scalp.
"Try starting just at the ends and just ending, just getting your tips light, or having it look like it's just grown out highlights from the summer."
"So all you have to do is just take your mascara wand and just paint it on wherever you want it, and then let it process."
And that's one technique for long hair.
"Short hair, like I said, you would want to put the cap on the head and then use your hook and just pull the hair through."
"Like let's say this was my head, I would be very upset if someone tried to put a cap on me and pull me through, because that means this strand of hair to come through this hole all the way."
And those are a couple of techniques that you can use for different lengths of hair.
"And you tend to get spots, because as you're pulling on that cap, it's becoming looser on your head, so you tend to get spots."
"If you've got super short hair, the cap's the way to go."
"But for longer hair, I highly recommend using a brush and a bowl."
"And you can just section your hair off, grab some hair, and you can use foil, wax paper, you could even just paint it on."
And you take your product and you just paint it on the hair.
"Now, let's say you don't have foil, you could take a piece of cotton, and just lay it underneath so that way it stays off the hair underneath it and let it just process naturally."
Another technique you can use on longer hair is the good old fashion mascara wand.
Now we're going to do a natural smokey crease.
Now we're going to do a natural smokey crease.
"For the natural look, you can skip the crease all together if you want."
"For the natural look, you can skip the crease all together if you want."
Just a little a time add this crease color.
Just a little a time add this crease color.
The crease color just goes right on the end of the eye.
The crease color just goes right on the end of the eye.
You basically make a sideways V and you fill it in.
You basically make a sideways V and you fill it in.
You don't want to go any further than the center of the eye.
You don't want to go any further than the center of the eye.
You want to kind of keep it concentrated toward the end.
You want to kind of keep it concentrated toward the end.
"That's what's going to give that cat's eye look, that very natural to dramatic look."
"That's what's going to give that cat's eye look, that very natural to dramatic look."
"Little by little, depending on how exciting you want go with this look."
"Little by little, depending on how exciting you want go with this look."
"Again, you want to keep it natural."
"Again, you want to keep it natural."
Just add a little bit and a little bit more.
Just add a little bit and a little bit more.
Open.
Open.
"We've done enough with the eyes that you can just maybe do a little eyeliner, a little mascara, and you're done."
"We've done enough with the eyes that you can just maybe do a little eyeliner, a little mascara, and you're done."
Keep your eyes open.
Keep your eyes open.
"Just blend, blend, blend until you get your desired look."
"Just blend, blend, blend until you get your desired look."
That's about as far as I want to go with it right there.
That's about as far as I want to go with it right there.
You can add more and more if you want a little bit more drama.
You can add more and more if you want a little bit more drama.
"As far as the natural crease goes, you want to keep it very, very subtle."
"As far as the natural crease goes, you want to keep it very, very subtle."
I just want to show you that you can put a little more oomph into it.
I just want to show you that you can put a little more oomph into it.
Take a kind of a neutral plumy brown and do a nice crease with it.
Take a kind of a neutral plumy brown and do a nice crease with it.
This is also the same color I'm going to use as eyeliner.
This is also the same color I'm going to use as eyeliner.
They're all going to coordinate really pretty.
They're all going to coordinate really pretty.
"Again, a little bit goes a long way."
"Again, a little bit goes a long way."
"I'm using a crease brush, which is like a pointy fluffy brush."
"I'm using a crease brush, which is like a pointy fluffy brush."
I'm just going to dip it in ever so lightly.
I'm just going to dip it in ever so lightly.
So Lisa lets go over some healthier sugar choices.
"Yeah some sugar alternatives, sugar alternatives when cooking or baking or preparing meals for kids, exactly well we all know that white sugar is like evil its the devil, so we have some other nice alternatives that they are out there cause we all have a sweet tooth, we all want a little sugar in our life and thats fine and theres nothing wrong with that just as long as you dont do it everyday its great even if its the healthy alternatives its still better to at least every other day at the very most."
"We do have right here Stevia is going to probably be the best alternative it doesnt bake very well unfortunately but you can add to shakes and all that other stuff just sprinkle on cereal or anything like that, its actually a plant leaf its been finely ground and it has zero sugars or anything else like that so it works really, really well and it doesnt raise your sugar levels at all so its probably the best choice."
Id say probably the next ones that we have are we have the agave syrup and we have the barley malt and then we have muscovado sugar and then theres of course the molasses these are great sugar substitutes right here obviously they do have sugar in them so they do raise your sugar levels but theres other nutrients in these it actually helps your body metabolize and digest the sugars much better.
"Because when you have just white sugar it basically robs and leaches your body of minerals and vitamins that you need and thats what happens, it makes you more tired it gives you that energy and you crash, exactly it spikes up the sugar levels, gives you the energy but then you crash and if you keep doing that your body is being wop-lash around constantly."
"Now barley malt is very good for baking, yes this is a good thing to bake with exactly so is the muscovado sugar and muscovado sugar is basically a different way of making the white sugars actually been all the nutrients have been taken away and the muscovado sugar is basically what white sugar would become, what this would become would be white sugar, this has all its nutrients and minerals and vitamins already with it, so its way better than the white sugar and it cooks really well too."
"Black strap molasses has a little iron is this good, this is a very good sugar to use for baking especially and if you like those molasses cookies there you go."
"Yeah and you know what when my daughter was a little anemic I put a little bit of this in her oatmeal, oh there you go and mixed it in and that helped her a lot with the hemoglobin and the iron problem, there you go, so we hope that youll incorporate some of these sugar alternatives and give them a try."
"Well, are you in like or are you in love?"
How do you know if you love him?
Or are you in love with him?
"Oftentimes, we are in love with love itself."
"It's so nice, it's springtime, or whatever."
And we decide that we're going to be in love.
"Well, that's nice, but it doesn't work."
You need to define where your love is.
"If you are in love with him, you will feel it intrinsically."
You are going to feel it from the inside.
"And if you're in love with him, you're going to make it very easy for yourself by not asking your friends."
You have to ask yourself.
"This is Dr. Paul, author of Boomer Girls: A Boomer Woman's Guide to Men and Dating and host of Ask Dr. Paul."
"And I know this may sound strange, but please listen."
"Go to the mirror, one of Dr. Paul's recommendations and one of Dr. Paul's remedies."
Look at yourself in the mirror.
"Look right into your eyes, and you ask yourself the question, am I in love with him?"
"When you do that, an interesting thing happens."
You can't lie to yourself.
"And you will tell yourself the truth, because only you know what the truth is."
"And when you look at your image and you look into your own eyes and you ask yourself that question, you are going to know the answer."
And that is the recommendation I make.
That is how to do it.
"Now ladies, number one, you don't ask your girlfriends, am I in love with him?"
And that goes for so many things.
But it especially goes for a love interest.
And you watch.
"And one thing you might want to watch too, watch the pupils of your eyes."
See if they open or see if they close.
A little body language there on your own behalf.
This is Dr. Paul.
May your fantasies of today be your realties of tomorrow.
Bad idea.
It has to come from within.
"Okay? And you have to make that definition; I started with, are you in like or are you in love; identify that."
Are you in like?
Are you in love with love?
"The tools include a glass cutting mat, which allows the glass chips that occur when you're scoring or cutting glass to drop down into the grid and not remain on the surface where it might cut your hand as your work."
With the glass cutter score the glass down the middle.
This is one of the basic elements.
"Firmly grip the pliers or the breaker, the choice, breaker, and break the glass."
This is one of the most basic elements of glass on glass tile work.
The majority of her work is now is now on glass on glass mosaics.
With most pieces being the format to hang as a stained glass window.
I've always thought a really fun part of tennis is dressing up for it.
I've always thought a really fun part of tennis is dressing up for it.
"Now, for ladies, you can go out and get a tennis dress, tennis skirt with a cute top, great tennis shoes, which is really important that you have comfortable tennis shoes."
"Now, for ladies, you can go out and get a tennis dress, tennis skirt with a cute top, great tennis shoes, which is really important that you have comfortable tennis shoes."
"If you get other types of shoes, such as running shoes, those can mark up the court."
"If you get other types of shoes, such as running shoes, those can mark up the court."
You also want to be sure that you have very comfortable socks because you're on your feet a lot.
You also want to be sure that you have very comfortable socks because you're on your feet a lot.
Matches can be really long.
Matches can be really long.
"Now, for guys, you can wear tennis shorts and a cute top and, again, with the shoes and comfortable socks are very important."
"Now, for guys, you can wear tennis shorts and a cute top and, again, with the shoes and comfortable socks are very important."
"Now, the Wimbledon white is a classic color to wear for tennis."
"Now, the Wimbledon white is a classic color to wear for tennis."
"You can get lots of other colors but, if you're looking for the more formal look, I really do recommend the white color."
"You can get lots of other colors but, if you're looking for the more formal look, I really do recommend the white color."
Now we're going to be talking about how to grip the racquet.
Now we're going to be talking about how to grip the racquet.
"How to grip the racquet is very important, it's going to help you in different shots for a specific shot."
"How to grip the racquet is very important, it's going to help you in different shots for a specific shot."
One type of grip in the racquet is better for than other shots.
One type of grip in the racquet is better for than other shots.
We're going to start with the basic beginner forehand grip.
We're going to start with the basic beginner forehand grip.
"Now what you're going to do, you're going to grab the racquet on the neck, you're going to put the palm of your hand and you are going to bring it down all the way here, make sure you bring it down all the way at the bottom of the grip over here and as you can see it's like you're giving a handshake, it's also called a handshake grip."
"Now what you're going to do, you're going to grab the racquet on the neck, you're going to put the palm of your hand and you are going to bring it down all the way here, make sure you bring it down all the way at the bottom of the grip over here and as you can see it's like you're giving a handshake, it's also called a handshake grip."
"This grip is very good for forehands, some players use it for serves but as you start getting better you are probably just going to use it for forehand."
"This grip is very good for forehands, some players use it for serves but as you start getting better you are probably just going to use it for forehand."
How are you?
Jeff Klein here vodka connoisseur and resident bartender here at Beak's Old Florida in St. Petersburg.
"Whether with cranberry juice, soda water or just by itself on the rocks or as a martini."
It gives you that little bit of flavor while keeping that crisp vodka that you like.
So once again my name is Jeff Klein vodka connoisseur and bartender here at Beak's Old Florida and that's the best Smirnoff vodka.
And I'm going to tell you about the best Smirnoff vodka.
Now there's a lot of different flavors and Smirnoff has been around for awhile obviously.
My favorite though is the classic.
Just your red label eighty proof Smirnoff vodka.
"It's consistently ranked in the top ten over the past, over the past decade."
And there's a clean crisp flavor to it that can not be beat.
Now if you are somebody who cares for maybe a little something sweeter when they are drinking I would recommend the blueberry flavored Smirnoff.
"It's a nice flavor, it's not to sweet and it's extremely versatile."
"So after you've started with the tick-tock, this pattern, some of the most common problems that people have is they might catch a stick too close to the center so it turns over, probably wouldn't be as pretty as that, or they catch the stick to close to the end so it turns over too fast."
"What you really want to do is find the ideal point, probably pretty close to the end that knock back and forth and spins the stick just around the center point, around this middle point of the stick right there."
Then we'll move on from there.
Now one way to clean up your pattern a lot is use both sticks.
"So instead of just controlling the crystal stick at the top of its throw, you should also push down on the bottom with your other stick like this."
"Now if you notices the stick, the crystal stick is actually doing the same thing whether I do this, or whether I do this."
It really shouldn't change.
"All that's happening is that I'm getting a little more control over the stick because I have two of my control stick in contact with it, instead of just one like this."
"Now this will definitely help you when you start moving into other patterns, because your going to be able to place this bottom stick just correctly and move into other spins and things like that."
"So in review, I want you to practice this, and try to get that timing as close as possible."
"Get this tick-tock pattern down, and start doing it with both sticks just like this on either side of the center point."
Hi I'm Gretchen Rivas with Relax to the Max Massage Therapy and today we are going to talk about how to do a couples' foot massage.
Of course you can do this in a number of different ways but you know if you are sitting on the couch watching TV there is no reason why you can't rub each others' feet at the same time.
I personally prefer to get mine rubbed just alone but since we are going to be nice today and share we are both working on each others' feet at the same time but it depends on how tall you are and how tall your partner is as to how well it is going to work.
Somebody might have to bend a little bit more than the other but it can be done and the thing is you don't have to have any special massage oil or special stuff to do anything like this you can just use a little bit of vegetable oil from the kitchen and rub each others' feet and it will make each other feel really good and you might enjoy the movie just a little bit more.
That's what we do when we do a couples' massage.
Of course you want to massage the bottoms of the feet if you are working with your partner and if you think you are better at it than he is then you can tell him some things that you want him to do.
"Massage the toes, massage the tops of the feet, massage around the ankles a little bit where it feels good, especially around the Achilles Tendon and then when you are done with that foot you can work on the other foot and that is how we do a couples' feet massage."
The most important thing is probably to know when your team is playing.
"If you've chosen a team, maybe you're new to baseball but you've chosen a team, you've got to know where to find their schedule."
That's kind of ticketing and scheduling in a nutshell.
"But, obviously keep track of that schedule and it's very important."
"If you play fantasy sports, another great way to keep track of the schedule."
And I will say the easiest place is just to go to their team website.
"That'll be the most up to date if times have changed, if venues have changed, if for some reason they've got to flop around the schedule a little bit because there's a concert at some stadium they didn't expect or there's a national emergency that they didn't expect and they've got to switch things around, that team website is going to be the most up to date."
"And also it's very important to look at that schedule because let's say you do have kids, you've got to make sure that you have that opportunity to schedule for the summer."
Maybe you can take a week off and go see a series of four or five games against a great team and have that opportunity to kind of show up.
So it's very important to look at the schedule ahead of time and kind of plan it out.
"And I will say teams like the Red Sox, Yankees sell out fast so it's important to look at the schedule ahead of time."
"If you want to see them, you've got to get those tickets early."
It'll be hard to wait until the last second because most likely it will be sold out.
We're here today to talk about health concerns relating to the litter box.
"the number one concern really, when it comes to the litter box is usually for pregnant women, or people with a compromised immune system."
You still want to handle the litter box with care.
"Particularly for a person who has any kind of health concern, to really want to make sure that you're maintaining an immaculate litter box."
"That means, like this is a brand new litter box."
"I like to change out my litter box about once every six months, because even if you're using bleach to disinfect it, you still, the cat can scratch the plastic and get these little grooves and crevices where bacteria can build up."
So you want to change out that litter box.
"In the meanwhile, you know, there's lots of different kinds of litter that have lots of different claims."
Scoopable litters.
"Lots of scoopable litters will say you don't have to change litter for, except for like, once a month."
"You just want to take a scoop and scoop out the solids and the chunks of, that form from the urine."
"The problem with that, is even though you're getting rid of all the solids, they still leave bacteria behind."
The thing that most people are concerned with is toxoplasmosis.
"So I strongly recommend that you go ahead and change out the entire litter, but you know, change out all of the litter at least once a week at the very least every other week."
Depending on your cat's usage and how many litter boxes you have in the house.
But mainly to keep down the amount of bacteria that's going to build up in the box.
You're going to want to mix up a ten percent bleach solution.
So that means for every one part bleach you have ten parts water.
And use that.
Put that in the bucket.
Add some water.
Then what you can do is pour that bleach solution into your empty litter box.
Have a dedicated brush.
"For a pregnant woman, the contracts toxolasmosis, which they can contract through handling cat feces."
Maybe even a dedicated bucket.
That's just for that.
Because you certainly don't want to end up doing your dishes with it.
"And give it a nice scrub, scrub, scrub, and then you can pour the solution down the sink."
And I sometimes actually do this outside because I'm not so crazy about getting and cat feces in my kitchen area.
"But anyway, then you'll have a nice disinfected box."
The other thing you can do is eave it outdoors to dry out in the sun.
And the sun is a great disinfectant.
"Before you fill it up, and bring it back in the house."
ANd now you have a clean litter box.
"The major concerns are still birth, a miscarriage, birth defects, and probably the scariest of all the possibilities is that your child can contract schizophrenia through exposure to toxoplasmosis."
"However, the good news is that you can have your cat tested for toxoplasmosis."
Which means you can take the cat to the vet run a blood test to see if your cat actually has toxoplasmosis.
Toxoplasmosis is pretty rare and odds are your cat does not have toxoplasmosis.
"And then, for the duration of your pregnancy, if you keep the cat indoors, it's almost impossible that the cat is going contract it."
"Even if toxoplasmosis is really not a concern for you because your cat is into carrier, and your cat is kept indoors."
"In this clip, we're going to talk about, you know, the proper set up procedures when you're inflating your kite and how to really designate whether or not this is the right place to do it and you know, just the general procedures about it."
"Each kite, all these companies use different, specific systems where, you know, you're going to be inflating the kite."
"One thing to look for before you start pumping is make sure your bridles, these things right here, aren't wrapped around the wingtips of the kite."
"Sometimes, if you inflate the kite all the way and, you know, for instance, this is just totally wrapped up into it, you just made this into a rigid structure and it's got a line that's completely just sort of twisted around it and just one little gust in the wrong direction and it can just serrate it right apart."
"So, what we're going to do is, we're going to attach our pump leash to the connection point that's provided on the kite."
"Different companies, like I said, use different systems."
"This is a slingshot rev and, as you can see right here on the dump valve, there's a perfect place where you can attach the pump leash right there."
"So, first thing we do right there, attach that."
"And you know, sometimes, if it's really windy, even go the extra step, like put the bridle around your leg or just get somebody to hold the kite while you pump it up."
"You want to make sure because this is a one-pump kite, all these struts right here, that's what these are called, these sorts of rib shaped things that are going to provide structure for your kite."
You want to make sure those are unclipped and ready to accept air.
"If they're clipped, you're going to pump up your whole kite and then, all of a sudden, you're going to unclip that and, you know, you're going to have to repump your kite up."
"Right here, these are the dump valve, so obviously, before you start pumping up your kite, you're going to want to put that up."
"So, to make sure this all goes down in one smooth, swift motion, open up all your valves, make sure your dump valve is closed, sealed and definitely put this extra Velcro strap on it because you don't want that popping off out there."
"And then, you can go ahead, insert your nozzle and you can see there's a little ball right down in there, so this is technically a one-way nozzle."
"But sometimes, you've got to be a little extra fast and quick when you're plugging this out."
"You just take it, put your finger over, and then cut it off, Velcro down, and then now we have this really cool little slingshot patented clip that we can actually stick right here to make sure our valve is going to stay down."
I've personally done a five mile swim in from the water because I didn't have one of these things and the rubber and the Velcro wore off.
I'm out there and my kite deflated.
That's a basic kitemare right there.
"So make sure when you put your kite together you do it all properly, efficiently and, you know, you don't miss any steps."
"Once you're fully pumped up, hit this clip right here to isolate the air in all the struts."
"That way, in the event that you do get into a kitemare out there, you know, you get a slash in your leading edge, even just a slow leak, something starts to lose air, you're going to isolate air into all these compartments, so you're immediately going to have a flotation aid that's going to allow you get back onto shore safely."
And something you're definitely need for this whole procedure here is a pump.
So.
It's definitely a funny thing when you come out to the beach and you see some guy sitting there and he's about to pass out because he's been trying to blow up his kite with his mouth.
"So, first things first, you know, make sure you have your gear and make sure you've taken a lesson so you know how to do this."
"But, you know, get your pump and you're going to want to set your kite up perfectly in orientation to the wind."
"So, right now, it feels a little bit windier."
I could probably just hold this out and the kite would just unravel on its own and everything would just be immediately swept downwind.
"So, that's the best way to set the kite up."
"In this clip on how to audition for a Broadway play, I'm going to talk about how to pick an appropriate monologue for a specific audition that you're going to."
"If we continue on this example of ""Three Changes"", by Nicky Silver, and I'm going in for Steffi, mid to late twenties, garish, somewhat dim-witted young woman; works at the Clinique, and romantically involved with Nate."
Can this monologue be turned into this character a little bit?
"You know, you might have a monologue about washing your clothes, but if you do it in a garish, romantic, somewhat dim-witted way, suddenly you're Steffi."
"So find that monologue, but also transform that monologue into the character."
"So I'm going to find, because it's, look at the playwright, Nicky Silver."
"This is a comedic contemporary playwright; you know, very wordy, the humor is in the words."
"It's very clever and wordy, fast-paced, so I would definitely pick a contemporary comedic monologue."
I could even do another Nick Nicky Silver monologue.
"It's good to have a Nicky Silver in your repertoire, if it fits you."
So she plays something romantic.
"It might be good to pick something that involves a monologue that talks about romance, something a little romantic."
"Even if you have a monologue that is about something completely different, I mean open your mind, and think outside the box."
You've chose the kit that you want to use to highlight your hair to put blond in your hair and each one has a different process.
"So you want to make sure you've read the directions and in this process when it comes with a bottle like this, which there are several brands that come this way, when you comb this through your hair, you want to do section by section, comb it through your hair and don't retouch that hair, let it lightly lay on top of the next level and then do the next section of hair and then comb it through the next section."
"You want to make sure that you have not full coverage, it's a very light coverage on this, so they actually look like highlights that are laying on your hair."
"With this process where you have the brush, it's a similar process."
"Again, with one section not touching the other, you want to come it through the hair."
"Go to your next section of your hair, comb it through again and don't comb those sections together so they don't touch each other."
"Once they've touched each other and you've combed them or mushed the color together, you've actually now have a glob of hair."
"This process, where you have the brush, it's better to use the brush at this type of an angle, going down your hair like this and then you'll have those really pretty blond streaks like the sun would give you."
And so those are some little tips on how to get proper highlights so they look more natural.
Alright we're talking about medium stiffness boots.
Medium stiffness boots are in the range of four to seven pretty much.
Boot manufacturers have a rating scale usually one to ten but a lot of them have different ways to rate how soft their boots are.
Mid boots are probably best if you are just starting I'd say because they're in between soft and hard.
"But once again I'd say go to your shop, try them on, ask them how long it takes to break in for that boot manufacturer, they'll let you know."
"Try them on, make sure they're comfortable."
"Ask them how long they take before they really start breaking down, cause if you ride a lot boots go pretty quickly."
Ask them if they're a warm boot or not because your feet will get cold.
And you should find out because you might want to return your boots if they do not keep your feet warm.
"There's many different other things, but I'm discovering the main, what type of boot your looking for, for what type of riding that you want to do."
"We just cut, on our jeans, we cut the whole waistline out."
Didn't undo the belt loops yet.
"Okay, we're going to want to do that to every single belt loop."
"Try to keep this part of the belt loop on if you cut above this when you try to put a belt through it when you reattach it, it's not going to fit."
"So, go ahead and undo all your belt loops and we'll move on to the next step."
I'm going to undo just the bottom of the belt loops for now.
We'll do that the same way.
We're going to keep the belt loops because we're going to re-put those on for the last step.
"With your knife, take the bottom of all of them, and the belt loops... they're really kind of tricky so you've got to be really kind of careful."
Just try to pry it a little at a time with the razor blade.
You want to do this to every single one of them.
"There we go, so we've got one side all the way out."
Then turn it back over so you can do the other side.
Next thing we want to talk about is we continue to talk about controlling the ball using your chest to do a chest trap.
"Trap and don't even let the ball hit the ground, valley it right back to the person."
Nice and in control and nice pass.
"What you want to do with the chest trap is as you see the ball coming in you want to get it into your chest and drop it to the ground, again so you can step and make a good pass."
"So you watch the ball in, it traps, drops at your feet."
"You don't want the ball to fly off, you don't want it to hit at your side and let fly that way or that way, you want to stay square to the ball as it comes in moving your feet so that you're square to the ball, getting a good trap, step and pass."
Let's watch this demonstration.
"Ball goes up, traps it right to his feet so he has control of the ball."
"Notice how he leans back, allows the ball to come to him and makes that pass."
He even passes it with his right and left foot.
Same thing here as you get better at it you can begin to valley the ball.
"This is just an extra tip, this happens to me a lot when I 'm hand sewing, when I'm using regular thread if there's any moisture in the air or, if there's any moisture on your hands, what' going to happen is the thread is going to start to act up and, it's going to tangle itself while you're trying to stitch and, there's nothing more annoying than tangled up thread and trying to un-knot and having to start over because it knotted in the middle."
"So, this is a trick that I use, there's such a thing called, tailors wax."
You'll have waxed thread and it will just move through your fabric much simpler.
"You can get it at any sewing store or, this is wax from a candle."
This works as well too.
"What you want to do is just kind of run your thread through that wax, just coat the thread with wax and, that will really prevent your thread from tangling on you."
"You can also find it in a lot of sewing stores, packages of thread that are specifically for hand sewing only and, there all waxed and there all a little thicker."
They don't come in a spool; they come like in a tuft.
Almost like if you get fake hair or something.
"So, you get a bunch of threads and their all waxed and, you can use those."
"But, if you have nothing else and, your threads bunching up and, it's raining outside or, your hands are slightly moist, go ahead and take some wax from a candle, take some wax that's around just drag it through."
The technique we're working on in this series is a higher level threat than the wrist grabs we worked on earlier.
"This situation is when I'm actually going to be attacking her, with my arm around her neck, trying to drag her off to a secondary location."
She'll be initiating a defense before I have a chance to get her all the way off of her feet.
"So the threat she's facing, is I'm going to have my hand around her neck, locking my hands, and starting to pull her backwards."
"She's going to take her chin into her shoulder so I don't get under her neck, reach her hands up - stretch as much as possible - and rip the hands down, making a gap so I don't get under her neck."
"She's going to punch back with her shoulder and her feet, making a little space, extract her head and then follow with any kind of counter attacks - a kick - and then make as much distance as possible."
"That has to be really, really strong."
"ALLISON KLINGER: Hello, my name is Allison at Western Art Glass in Salt Lake City."
I am the owner of the store here.
"There's fused glass, which means it's made in a kiln, and you actually fuse the glass together and create your own glass, make bowls, plates, platters."
There's torched beads you can make out of glass.
"And today, I get to play with foiled glass."
I get to play with stepping stone glass.
"In fact, I get to do whatever I want."
So you should get involved.
"You'll fall in love with it and, either which way, go to your local stained glass store."
"If you don't have one, look it up in the phonebook under glass, stained and leaded, or look up on the phonebook, glass--or up on the Internet for stained glass."
"And if you don't have one locally, drive to one."
It will all be worth it.
I teach a variety of classes.
So check it out.
"I carry tons of stained glass, lots of fun stuff."
"I carry all types of tools, supplies, pattern books."
We teach so many classes.
"Working with glasses is so much fun that once you start it leads to another method, okay?"
There's beginning stained glass.
There is leaded glass.
There is stepping stones.
Now we're going into how to describe a character...describing a character in the script.
We describe a type of character.
"In addition to that, we also develop other aspects of character--describing a character...we describe the actions they do, and this is done in the script."
This is also done in how they do something.
So you could say they move briskly across the stage.
"In a line of dialog, you can reference how they say it."
They can say something ragefully.
"Now, obviously, you're probably going to have the line there that's emphasized."
"So this is probably not very important to say, but there are ways where you can influence--you can influence the way a line is said when it's not very specific."
"And these are some of the ways where you can describe who you're character is and what they are--what they're doing, what--basically give people a general outline on what your character is all about."
"Okay, let's start off with this."
How would you go about describing your character?
"Well, you're going to have people talk about your character but you're also going to have to have some kind of introduction to who your character is."
"In that, you probably want to keep it pretty brief."
"Occupation: What they do maybe, might be incorporated in there."
"You want age, and maybe a brief description of who they are."
"So let's say ""lazy."""
"So we have a lazy computer salesman who's 30 years old, and that way we develop a type of character."
The next part of the flamingo you're going to do is his beak.
"You're going to take out your striping brush, the black one, and wipe off as much polish as you can."
"That way, it doesn't get stringy and then mess up your design."
"Once you've gotten the 'V' on all four, for the beaks, you're ready to go to the next part of your design."
But that is how you do the beak to the flamingo.
You want to make sure that there's really just enough polish on there to do the beak.
"At the very tip of your head, you're going to do very small 'V' shape."
That's going to give you the beak to your flamingo.
You're going to do that to each nail.
"Doesn't have to be an open 'V', it can be a little closed."
"Just want to kind of go right along the outside of the pink there, to kind of give the shape of his beak."
That's just going to come down into a small point.
"Again, you want to make sure that your polish isn't too dry on your striper brush."
"Okay, so we've talked a lot about telescopes here and hopefully we're better educated, but how about some choices--some varieties--to help you choose telescopes, and what you might consider when you're ready to buy a telescope."
Everything that I see here is under seven hundred dollars.
"Remember when light is bounced off a mirror, there's no lens or prism to come through, so you won't experience that false color."
This is a GoTo telescope.
"When we start out with GoTo telescopes, you can get an outstanding scope for under five hundred dollars."
"This is 130 millimeter, just over five inches, and it is a GoTo telescope."
"Once properly aligned, it'll find objects, it'll track objects for you."
It's like having a little tutor with you as you use the GoTo setup.
Under five hundred dollars.
"Now, here's something interesting."
"This little guy is six ninety-nine, and this ten inch model here is six ninety-nine as well."
"Ten inches of aperture, ninety millimeters of aperture."
"Cost effective and standouts at their price points, and I just want to kind of show you a little bit of the differences here."
What is the difference?
Why the same price point?
Well the ten inch guy here is a Dobsonian I said is the best cost effective way to get lots of aperture.
It's a manual operation.
"You find objects on your own, you track them on your own."
"With the little 90 millimeter here, this is a GoTo telescope, so it has more bells and whistles."
"It tracks for you, it finds objects for you... it's almost as simple as going... Saturn, and have your telescope go there for you."
"So, the first thing people usually consider other than price when they're coming in looking for a telescope is portability."
"Where they're going to use their telescope, will they travel with it, and whether or not you want to find objects on your own or if you'd like to have a computer hand controller to assist you."
I have talked to people when I tell them about GoTo telescopes that you've got to know at least two or three bright stars in the sky to set up your telescope.
"What you can expect to realistically spend to get started, what you're going to see and if you'll be happy or not."
Don't be intimidated by that.
"They'll be the same two stars tonight, tomorrow night, and the next night as you go out to align your telescope."
"One gentleman said ""I don't think I can find a couple stars to align to."
"I think that'd be difficult... maybe I should get a telescope like this."""
"Well, if you can't find two stars you got to find everything with a Dobsonian telescope."
"So if you love star hopping, if you love the thrill of the hunt, perhaps a manual operation telescope is for you."
"If you've got an hour's worth of time, if you've got kids, if you've got people they want to see a GoTo setup can certainly be a quick and easier setup."
"Because you'll track down objects... you can see forty, fifty objects in an hour if you wanted to with something like this, rather than having to track them down manually."
"So keep in mind price point, portability, where you're going to be viewing from, and whether or not, like I said, you like the thrill of the hunt or you want to be able to go... Saturn."
"This little guy right here at 4.5 inch reflector on a Dobsonian mount is under two hundred dollars, and at that price point, probably don't have a better telescope to offer you."
"It does need to be up on a pedestal a little bit, maybe a picnic table or something, and as a Dobsonian it is manual operation."
"More than enough to show you the rings of Saturn, more than Messier or Galileo had, a great introduction for getting started."
"At the price point, it is a real telescope."
"The little guy I got back here is just a little bit more money and again, enough to see the rings of Saturn, enough to get started."
"It is a little ED refractor, so it'll have good color correction and it won't give you much false color as you push the magnification."
What we want to talk about now is the proper execution for our running backs and our quarterback while making the exchange in the pitch play.
"So, there are two different ways we can get to the outside."
One is to take the hand off.
"But, right here, we used the pitch play."
That's when the quarterback will pitch it to our tailback so we can get outside and get up the field.
The reason we call it the pitch play is because we use the pitch in order to get our speedy backs to the outside.
Earlier we used a sweep play which is a hand off.
"This time we're going to use the pitch to get our man to the outside, hopefully to exploit the outside after we've set up the middle."
Our quarterback will take the snap and this time we're not going to fake to the fullback.
The fullback will go out and help with the blocking scheme.
Our quarterback will then open up wide and make a long pitch to the outside to the running back.
Our running back wants to make sure he doesn't go too wide after taking the pitch from the quarterback.
"Then, he'll look to see where the defense is pinned in or the defense is kicked out and he'll get through the opening."
My name is Jared Todd and I'm going to talk to you a little bit about the selection of the steel and why it's important in the style of knife that you choose.
Your steel that you choose needs to be able to become hard.
It hardens very well.
It holds an edge very well and it's very durable.
"There's many different types of steel out there, there's stainless steel."
Stainless steel is stainless because it has a lot of chromium in it.
"The chromium that's in the steel, part of it is absorbed into the iron molecule itself, the other part of the chromium is floating around in, basically in solution and that's what causes a steel to become stainless."
"Stainless steel does not mean that it is not going to rust, it means it's stain less, it's going to stain less than a high carbon steel."
"Technically, stainless steel will not hold as good of an edge as a high carbon steel, but in certain applications, stainless steel is a must, in kitchen knives, knives that's going to be used extensively in water, salt water."
"And then, there are certain types of steels that you can select for those type of applications that will be able to hold a decent edge, but they're usually quite expensive."
"Where a decent high carbon steel you can get for a couple dollars a pound, where a good stainless steel you're going to pay anywhere from fifteen to thirty dollars a pound in selecting the type of steel that you need."
"There's mild steel, which is usually ten eighteen, which means it only has .18 percent of carbon."
"It doesn't have enough to get hard when you heat treat it, so it won't hold any type of an edge, which is most steel that you would find at hardware stores."
"In order to get a good edge and retain that edge, you're going to need a knife that has at least half of a percent of carbon, up to one percent."
"The steel that I choose to make most of my knives out of is what's called fifty-one sixty, I get it in just a long bar."
I cut it up to the length that I need.
It has .60 of a percent of carbon along with other type of alloying elements in it to be able to harden deeper.
It's a very shock resistant steel.
It's basically the same type of steel that you have in your car leaf springs.
"Now that you know a little bit more about adaptive chairs for canoeing, one thing we want to talk about is how to attach the canoe, or attach the adaptive chair to your canoe."
Most canoes here have a little bar going across it like so.
"And so what we do is we just take a strap, we call it a cam strap, and we'll run it through the slots of the canoe chair like so."
And then we'll also wrap it back behind the bar a little bit also.
"That way the canoe, or the chair, won't be sliding around and the participant will stay in place."
"One thing to keep in mind when setting the system up is you want it, before you fasten down the chair as tight as possible, you want to try to get it centered in the canoe as much as possible."
"One caution about canoeing is a canoe you can tell, it's pretty narrow and so there's not a very big bottom surface area."
"And so if the weight's off by a little bit, your canoe will start leaning a lot and it just creates sort of a more dangerous situation."
"So before you tighten your canoe in place, or your chair in place, make sure it's centered as much as possible."
"Hello, I'm Kyle Brayer, and you're next in-home abdominal work out is the scissor kick."
The scissor kick is performed on a mat.
That's a scissor kick.
"So, here she's pointing her toes."
"A variation is for her to flex her foot, so she's going to pull her toe back toward her knee."
This is going to add a little more pull on the lower abdominal region.
"OK, and stop, and down."
"And notice when Kerry performs this exercise, that her shoulders, her hips, and her arms stay perfectly still."
She's breathing in through her nose and our through her mouth for the duration of the exercise.
And this really isolates the bottoms portion of the abs.
"So, one more time Kerry."
"The legs come up, and then she alternates up and down."
You can do it at home or in the gym.
And relax.
And that exercise is the scissor kick.
"Kerry's going to lay back for us, on to her back."
"She's going to slide her hands palm down, under her glutes."
This is her starting position.
"She'll stick her legs straight out, and she's going to try to stay in line, from her hips all the way up to her neck is going to stay flat."
"She's going to try not to move her neck left or right, and she's going to try and lock her upper torso."
"From here, she's going to lift her feet off the ground about three inches, and that will be her next starting position."
And she's just going to alternate legs up and down.
Hi!
"Hairspray you usually find in your light hold, medium hold, and your heavy."
"If you were spraying your hair before you do the braid, I definitely recommend using a light hold hairspray."
Anything too heavy is going to set your style before you have your style in.
You want your hair to pliable.
You want to be able to move it.
"You want to be able to create that smoothness and do everything you need to, but you want to make it easier on yourself."
Braiding can be a little bit harder with hand coordination because of the movements of the hair.
You only have 2 hands and at times you're holding more than 4 sections of hair.
"You do want your hair to still remain soft and pliable, so that way you're not harming what you have already done."
It's not going to make it harder for you to actually use.
There are 2 basic products that you're going to need in order to engage in braiding your hair.
One of them would probably be pomade or a mud.
"Depending on the coarseness of your hair and the thickness of your hair, you're going to want to intrude something that's a little heavier."
Fiber based products are a little bit on the heavier side.
"Ashley has rather fine hair, so I'm going to use something that's a little bit more lightweight just in order to give myself a little bit more manageability with her hair."
You see how it just kind of tames the frizz and it just kind of smooths her hair down.
"That way when I actually am braiding, her hair will fall a little flatter and it will be easier to work with and more manageable."
Another product that you're going to need is some sort of hairspray.
The next step is called a V step.
"If you remember, I said a lot of the steps in step have their own lingo."
"If I tap down and switch, that would be an alternating lead step of a V step."
"It starts to again, increase my intensity because I'm starting to use the space around the bench or wider of the bench."
Then we'll start to move around the bench as well.
Heels all the way up.
"You might hear it called an out, out, in, in with this sort of arm movement."
It is a front approach.
"It is a basic step, but we lengthened the range of motion to increase the intensity."
They also translate to what letters look like on the floor.
We have the basics step.
"Now we're going to lengthen that step, make it more intense, by just taking our legs out a little bit wider to the edges of the bench."
"It's still a 4 count move, but it's called a V step."
"If you can see, I'm tracing a V on the floor."
From your perspective again.
We started with the basic step.
"Now, we're just going to take it wider, so we have V step."
oh.. oh .. hey... how is it going?
"Guess I should be teaching you something since this is an expert show, right?"
"Then we are going to need two water cups, alright?"
"After the water cups, we are going to need two ping-pong balls."
"The reason for the water cups is that we are going to have to clean off these ping-pong balls throughout the game because these are going to be going all over the table, they are going to be going into beer, they are going to be going all over the ground and stuff."
"The water is actually to clean off the beer pong balls, okay?"
"Then each team has ten cups, okay?"
"Now these ten cups, you are going to need to fill with beer."
"So, you got your beer, you got your cups, you got your water cups, you got your ping-pong balls, now all you need is something to play on."
"What I have here is a professional style ping-pong table, alright?"
"Now, what I have done here is made an expert beer pong table."
This is up to expert qualifications in building a beer pong table.
"Well, beer pong, beer pong."
"Now in the world series of beer pong, they play with a lot smaller tables, but in my house we play with this big monster one."
It makes it a little bit harder and a little more competitive and the fun thing about this is that you can build your own beer pong table and have people sign all over it so it is always fun to look back and read what people have written and how many times you have one.
"We have got tally's of everything, so, these are the supplies you are going to need, so maybe another supply would be a marker for your beer pong table."
"Those are the supplies that you need, so let's move on to the next step."
"Right, let me tell you the supplies needed in beer pong."
"To start out you need beer, so we got it right here and you know what, no true expert beer pong player doesn't have his very own kegirator at hand."
"So, I got my draft beer."
"Let me show you the other supplies that we need, alright?"
"Okay, so we got our beer, alright?"
Now we are going to need our four cups of beer.
Each team gets two cups of beer.
"BRYAN BILLHIMER: In this next step, we're going to talk about pull-offs."
We're going to pluck the 17th fret and we're going to pull our finger off to the 15th fret.
And that's a pull off.
"In a riff, it might be something like.... And that's a pull off."
"So, this requires two fingers."
"You're going to have your finger on the 17th fret and you got another finger on the 15th fret and you're going to pluck the 17th fret, you're going to pull that finger off to the 15th fret."
"So, let's see what a pull off looks like on guitar."
"So, our tab told us 17th fret on the B string, so I'm going to use my third finger."
I'm going to fret the 17th fret and I know that I'm going to be pulling off to the 15th fret so I'm going to go ahead and fret the 15th fret with my first finger.
"So, it's going to look like that."
"I'm going to pick and I'm going to pull off in kind of a down and up at the same time motion with my third finger, kinda down and up."
Then I'm going to pull off so we're going to hear the note that's being fret above the 15th fret.
This idea for a vest style is a fitted half vest.
This idea for a vest style is a fitted half vest.
"What makes it a fitted vest obviously is that it is billowy , just kidding, ha, caught you, were you paying attention?"
"What makes it a fitted vest obviously is that it is billowy , just kidding, ha, caught you, were you paying attention?"
"What makes it a fitted vest is that it is fitted to the body, what makes it a half vest is that literally half of it is not there, it only shows half of the body meaning the top half, it hits right below the ribs and it's going to be the same on both sides and that's why I save myself and you, I save myself time in drawing and I save you time in watching me repeat myself because drawing only half of it lets you know that the other half is the same and no matter how your croakie is facing you can draw half of it and if you just draw half of it it tells your viewer, whoever is looking, that the other half is the same."
"What makes it a fitted vest is that it is fitted to the body, what makes it a half vest is that literally half of it is not there, it only shows half of the body meaning the top half, it hits right below the ribs and it's going to be the same on both sides and that's why I save myself and you, I save myself time in drawing and I save you time in watching me repeat myself because drawing only half of it lets you know that the other half is the same and no matter how your croakie is facing you can draw half of it and if you just draw half of it it tells your viewer, whoever is looking, that the other half is the same."
"Otherwise why would you only stop at one side, what's the point of that?"
"Otherwise why would you only stop at one side, what's the point of that?"
"If you are going to have it be an asymmetric vest which I don't even know how you could have that, but if you can find a way do it, make that your thing."
"If you are going to have it be an asymmetric vest which I don't even know how you could have that, but if you can find a way do it, make that your thing."
"A vest is pretty much literally means that it is going to be the same on both sides so that is why I drew it like this, it is easier to follow."
"A vest is pretty much literally means that it is going to be the same on both sides so that is why I drew it like this, it is easier to follow."
"When we need to do root canal, we need to go into the chamber of the tooth."
"When we need to do root canal, we need to go into the chamber of the tooth."
The chamber basically previously consists of the blood supply and also of the nerve tissue.
The chamber basically previously consists of the blood supply and also of the nerve tissue.
"They're all situated on the inner part of the tooth and so what we have to do for the most part, when you get a cavity, the cavity is on the top surface or from the side, it breaks through the enamel and into part of the tooth structure and then basically exposing these inner part nerve tissue and the blood supply."
"They're all situated on the inner part of the tooth and so what we have to do for the most part, when you get a cavity, the cavity is on the top surface or from the side, it breaks through the enamel and into part of the tooth structure and then basically exposing these inner part nerve tissue and the blood supply."
"So what we have to do is eliminate those cavities so when we do the drilling, for the most part we go on the top exposing this area and cleaning out the chamber from the top portion of the tooth."
"So what we have to do is eliminate those cavities so when we do the drilling, for the most part we go on the top exposing this area and cleaning out the chamber from the top portion of the tooth."
"Once that's all done, this area is sealed with a rubber-based material, and in doing so, the bacteria from outside cannot go in and from the top, cannot go back out."
"Once that's all done, this area is sealed with a rubber-based material, and in doing so, the bacteria from outside cannot go in and from the top, cannot go back out."
"So then that tooth is protected and once its protected, that tooth should be able to function back like a normal tooth."
"So then that tooth is protected and once its protected, that tooth should be able to function back like a normal tooth."
"In this clip, we'll talk about your first consultation with a plastic surgeon for breast reduction."
"When you come in to see the plastic surgeon, it will be very important that you give all of your health history."
Do the two breasts match up or not?
"In fact, most women do not have symmetric breasts."
"And, most humans do not have two symmetric breasts."
"So, this is a very common finding."
"And, it's important for the person or patient to understand and the surgeon to understand as far as planning and results."
"And, then the surgeon will perform a thorough physical examination and have a discussion with you about his findings and his recommendations for your breast reduction surgery."
"During the examination, he will examine your breasts by palpation feeling the breast to make sure that there are no abnormalities."
"No problems with the skin, no problems with the nipples, no problems with abnormal lumps or bumps or infections."
That the breasts have an appearance that would justify breast reduction.
"Meaning, overly large for the body."
"Usually, in the very very full C, D or higher cup range that they would be projecting below the fold of the breast."
"So, therefore warranting the reduction."
"And, then checking for such things as the symmetry of the breasts."
"So, we're going to take our arm balance where the knees are over the shoulders -- Lazy Tortoise, Lazy Firefly and then Straight Leg Firefly."
"So, in order to help get the knees really over the backs of the shoulders in a powerful way, we do Standing Firefly."
"That's even better, but I may have to wait for another lifetime for that one."
I'm not sure.
"So then, look how I'm getting my feet right on top of my hands."
I'm going to sit back.
"At first, I'm going to do a Lazy Firefly, which I have to say I really prefer because it's a little lazy."
Bend the legs.
Pull with the feet.
"Then, big firefly, straighten the legs."
"Then, we get to take a little rest and sit down."
"And the arms are really deep underneath legs, so it's very convenient, this transition into a nice Tortoise."
"In Standing Firefly, we come forward."
"Well, you push down with the legs, elongate the legs."
"Reach out to the arms, the spine, everything."
"And yet, you can also take a little nap and be Sleeping Tortoise."
"This little series of poses, well, it gets you in touch with the absurdity of poses in general, funny little shapes that we make."
"But, we pull through and you can get that strap."
That's why it's there.
That's why I've got a strap around my waist.
And pull through and get the strap.
And then you can get your shoulders a little further back and just pull yourself through a little bit.
"Of course, if you don't need the strap, you can just hold your hands together."
"Okay, now I'd like to talk to you about decaffeinated teas."
"If you buy decaffeinated tea at the store, more than likely, they put it through some sort of chemical process to remove the caffeine from the dry tea leaves."
And then I'll wait thirty seconds.
"So after thirty seconds to a minute has passed, the caffeine has been released into the tea that's steeping in your cup."
"And so what you'll do then is pull the diffuser out of your tea and discard the water, or the tea that's steeping in your cup."
"If you're using a teapot, you'll just pour out all the water."
"And then reinsert your diffuser; add fresh water to the pot, and then steep for your desired steeping time, depending on what kind of tea you're making."
"And the tea in that cup will be, at the end of that time, will be caffeine free."
You don't want extra chemicals in your tea.
So I'm here to tell you a way that you can enjoy every variety of tea (there's three thousand of them) decaffeinated.
"So you're ready for bed and you want a nice warm, soothing cup of tea but you don't want the stimulation of caffeine."
"You could drink an African red tea, because it has no caffeine, or a Tsane, an herbal infusion that has no caffeine, but if you're looking to enjoy a green, black or white tea that does have caffeine in it naturally, you're going to want to remove the caffeine."
And I'm going to show you a simple way to do that.
"The fact is, when you're steeping tea, or brewing tea, the caffeine is released into the water in the first thirty seconds to a minute of steeping."
So what I'll do... say I want to enjoy a black tea with milk before bedtime.
"I'll put my black tea in my infuser, or teapot, and add hot water, just like I'm going to steep my cup of tea, bing water for black teas of course."
"Ok now we're at the stage where now in the process of making the wine, this bucket here has been digesting the fruit for seven days, the yeast has been devouring the sugar and uh also the sugar and fruit too, breaking it down making it soft and uh and ready to uh to further move on through the wine process."
Now at this point I'd like to use a strainer like this and dip it into the wine.
"And we would have the fruit in here, and dump the fruit in here, and at that point the juice from the wine is all dripping through, and I'm using a cloth here that?s an organic cloth."
"Once you got the fruit in there you would gather this up like this, with the fruit in it, and you would start twisting this, and the fruit would start juicing out juicing out all the great juices through the colander and into the pot down here."
You would keep on doing this until you have yourself a full pot of the prepared wine.
"You would keep pulling it out until you finally got through all the fruit, and eventually you would pour all the juice in here filtering it out, all the fruit debris so all you would end up with is the juice of the fruit."
Hi.
Again don't worry if it's not the desired consistency.
Cause what I'll do with that is again do our same chopping motion.
Chop all this onion down fine.
"Alright, just when you take your onions to the side, make sure you don't put them in your bowl."
"Keep them off to the side, cause we're actually going to saute our onion."
And we're going to chop now our green scallion.
"And we're going to add that with our onion and we're going to actually simmer, simmer, saute both of them together."
So make sure you keep them on the side and don't put them in your bowl.
Alright we're just going to chop up one small onion to add to this dish.
Alright we're just going to cut off both sides of our small onion like so.
And want to just score the onion and pull away the outer shell and begin to chop it up.
"Alright, what I like to do is just cut the onion in half, put the flat sides down."
"Slice the onion, going with the lines of the onion one way."
Straight down.
Turn it and just start to chop away.
Cut nice little chunks.
I'm going to show you how to create fun Christmas party games with the things that you have already to use wrap your presents and get ready for Christmas.
And you remove one chair and you have one player winner
Another game that you can play at your Christmas party that requires nothing more then the things that you already have for Christmas is Christmas musical chairs.
All you have to do is get your cd of your favorite Christmas music and a cd player of course.
You want to have as many chairs as you have guest.
Take one chair away so you would have 15 guest you would want 14 chairs.
Sometime similar to this is a good chair idea.
You want something sturdy not to heavy you do not want anyone to hurt themselves while running around in a circle.
While the music plays you stand up walk around the chairs.
When the music shuts off then you grab a sit and whoever is left out of the circle is out for that round and you remove another chair and it goes until you have 2 players left.
"Hi, this is Liz Muller from Liz's Hair Design in Hollywood, Florida."
In this clip we're going to show you how to care for African American hair and bi-racial hair.
"This is Liz Muller, and this is how to care for African American and bi-racial hair."
"This is an example of relaxed hair, African American hair."
"And this young lady here, she actually treats her hair once a week."
"She keeps it real moisturized, gets her hair washed and set once a week, and it's really important to do these things because you want to keep the hair in good condition."
"It's very fragile when you get your hair relaxed, and you want to just treat it all the time, and if it's not relaxed too, you know, because maybe it doesn't it doesn't have a relaxer, it's courser, so you want to really add a lot of moisture to that hair because ethnic hair tends to get dry and you want to keep it conditioned to work better with it."
"Actually, I use this beautiful Moroccan oil, and it's really wonderful on the hair."
"It adds conditioning to the hair, and it leaves the hair in wonderful condition to work with."
"I do it and I use it when I roll and set the hair, put a little bit in there, just about a dimes worth, and I rub it all over."
"On mine I do the same thing, and that's bi-racial hair."
IAN LOVEALL: Hi.
"And then, of course, the blockage created by the object will create a cast shadow against the wall which we see here."
"Some of that light, however, will bounce back from this wall onto the object and that creates our reflected light."
"If you see here along the edge, there's just a little bit of light from this wall that's being bounced back at the urn."
Now here's another example of lighting.
Lighting is what is going to create the illusion that you're looking at something that isn't actually there.
"For example, this alcove, we see the key elements of light and shadow."
"You have your high light, your low light, your core shadow, your cast shadow and your reflected light."
"So, what we're looking at here is a basic setup of the basic elements of light and shadow as we have our high light, our low light, core shadow, cast shadow and reflected light."
"Now the high light is an area on an object that's receiving a direct blow from the light source which is behind me here, the window, and that would be this edge of the urn right here."
The low light is an area of the object that's not quite in direct light but it's still receiving some light and that would be this middle section here.
"And then as this urn curves away from the light source, we're going to get our core shadow which is the darkest point on the object that's receiving the least amount of light."
The ingredients you need to make sugar skulls are obviously sugar and I wanted to talk about the kind of sugar you want to use.
You also need something called meringue powder that you can get at bakery stores.
"I bought extra fine grain, granulated sugar because if you use an extra fine grain it gives a lot more detail to your sugar skulls once you've molded them out."
"If you use a courser grain, you can still use it but it looks a little bit coarser. It's up to you."
I prefer a little bit more detail around the eyes and the teeth of my mold.
You see these molds have some fairly fine details in them.
"So, I like using a fine grained sugar."
"This is an extra fine sugar, that's just my preference."
Meringue powder and water.
Those are the 3 ingredients you need.
It comes in a couple of different ways.
"You can get it in a plastic container like this or sometimes you can get a big bag of it like this, it's the same thing."
Sometimes it comes in a little jar or kind of a little plastic jar.
"Basically all it is, is dried egg white mixed with powdered sugar, but it's used as a binding agent for the sugar skulls so that they stay together."
"Granulated sugar, meringue powder, and water are the 3 ingredients you need to make the basic composition of the sugar skulls."
A little bit about granulated sugar.
You can get granulated sugar in a lot of different grain sizes and sometimes if you just go get generic granulated sugar it doesn't really say anything about the size of the grains.
"So, sometimes that sugar can be kind of course."
"In the field with a pair of binoculars, never use your shirt tail to clean them."
"Always carry a microfiber cloth that is made to clean glass, it will not scratch your lenses."
"When you have a bird you want to look at, there are two basic methods of using your binocular."
One is the map method.
"You find the telephone pole, raise it up to the wire, and move across the wire, and there's the bird, hopefully he hasn't flown."
"The one that most birders use, I call the zin method."
"Where I've got my body perpendicular to a line where the bird is, I look at the bird."
"I do not move anything but my hands and my binocular and there's the bird, right in place."
That takes about five minutes of practice and then you'll be able to do it for a lifetime.
What's coming in older toilets 40 years old and older is lime will buildup in the jet way around the toilet.
What's coming in older toilets 40 years old and older is lime will buildup in the jet way around the toilet.
"When the water goes through the flush valve and comes out to the rim, these jets will get clogged with calcium."
"When the water goes through the flush valve and comes out to the rim, these jets will get clogged with calcium."
"But I'll tell you, for five dollars a quart, it?s much better to save an old toilet and de-lime the rim than it is to throw the toilet away."
"But I'll tell you, for five dollars a quart, it?s much better to save an old toilet and de-lime the rim than it is to throw the toilet away."
We'll take this toilet and we're going to let it sit for 40 minutes and then we're going to flush it and we'll see how our results are and that should fix the toilet.
We'll take this toilet and we're going to let it sit for 40 minutes and then we're going to flush it and we'll see how our results are and that should fix the toilet.
I am not a proponent of cleaning them with a wire.
I am not a proponent of cleaning them with a wire.
I am a proponent of using toilet bowl de-limer.
I am a proponent of using toilet bowl de-limer.
It?s an acid solution and what we do we take and we pour this whole quart in to the overflow tube all at once.
It?s an acid solution and what we do we take and we pour this whole quart in to the overflow tube all at once.
"When it goes into the overflow tube, you will then notice the whole quart."
"When it goes into the overflow tube, you will then notice the whole quart."
You will then notice that the acid is coming out of the rim of the toilet.
You will then notice that the acid is coming out of the rim of the toilet.
"As it comes out, it is taking the lime in the jets with it."
"As it comes out, it is taking the lime in the jets with it."
"Now most toilets, this will work fine, one quart will save them."
"Now most toilets, this will work fine, one quart will save them."
Occasionally I will need two quarts and rarely I'll need three.
Occasionally I will need two quarts and rarely I'll need three.
Now we're going to talk about fish and if you lose one.
What I want to do is look in the front of the tank and see if I can't find the fish that has passed away.
"For locating him in the tank, I'm going to use my net to find the fish, scoop him out and remove him out of the tank."
"Once you remove the dead fish which we have in the tank, out of the fish tank, properly dispose of it in the commode."
"So, if you send the fish out to big water, blue open sea where it can break down naturally."
"Once you do this, your tank is happy and healthy."
"And on an ending note if taking care of your tank, make sure you look at your fish tank everyday not only when you're feeding your fish but just to makes sure that you haven't lost any."
If you have any fish that are being too aggressive that you remove him from the tank so that they're not picking everybody else and pushing everybody up into one corner.
Sometimes this happens even on fish that are listed as a community fish.
"Sometimes, they can get a little feisty and like to pick on other people in the tank."
"Just like us, fish have personalities just like we do."
"Unfortunately as I was doing a water change on my tank, I noticed one of my gold dust mollies has passed away."
"When you're a professionally person such as myself and if you don't mind touching a dead fish body, you can just put your hand in the tank, remove the dead fish and put it in a commode."
Just make sure you wash your hands thoroughly.
"Another suggestion is we have Oscar fish which can get up to two feet in length, please do not put this on your commode."
"A two foot fish which is two feet long, approximately a foot high and at two inches thick is not going to fit down a commode properly."
"So, please put this big fish in a trash bag, seal the trash bag and put it in the trash can for proper disposable."
"There, again, don't put the big fish in a commode."
Let alone a three foot algae eater 'cause it's just not going to fit.
Thanks again for coming to my house and letting me teach you on how to take care of a fish tank properly.
"When you lose a fish, make sure that you remove the fish properly."
"If you don't, it can leave an unsightly mess in the tank and the other fish like to scavenge on dead fish."
Of course this is what they do in the wild.
Some people who get lazy such as myself sometimes we always don't remove the fish and the fish take care of it.
"But for your purpose, I'm going to teach you the proper way to remove a dead fish."
Lift the lid on your tank.
You're going to use a nice little handy dandy tool which is called a fishnet which you use to remove the dead fish.
"Hi, I'm Patti German and I'm a licensed marriage and family therapist here in New York City."
"In this clip, we're going to talk about how to find a marriage counselor."
"It's very, very daunting to not know who to go to when your relationship is in trouble."
I highly recommend that you go to a website called the American Association for Marriage and Therapists.
And in this website you can find a therapist in your zip code in your area and read through the bios and the qualifications.
"I think it's very, very important that you work with someone who is trained as a marriage and family therapist."
"Knowing what a relationship is about, and marriage and family therapists are trained to work with more than one person in the room, so it's very important that you look up the AAMFT and find a marriage counselor in your zip code."
"Again, this is Patti German in New York City."
Today we're talking about how to choose a winter horse blanket.
You can through them in your washer on cold water with mild detergent.
But make sure that you read the label and instructions that come along with your blanket so that you don't ruin the waterproof barrier of the blanket.
"So take that in to consideration, how easy is this blanket going to be to wash after my horse has worn it for three or four months out in the snow, the manure, the rain and the mud."
"Think about can I just throw it in my washer or can I hose it off, will it clean up easily for the next season."
We've kind of gone through all the steps that you're going to use in purchasing your horse blanket and now you need to know what you're going to do with your horse blanket now that your horse has been wearing it for a while.
You know most horses will be horses and they're going to get it dirty.
They are going to roll in the mud.
They are going to roll in the snow and the rain.
They're probably going to lie down and roll in their own manure which happens.
So you want to take this in to consideration when purchasing a winter horse blanket is how easy is it to clean and care for.
"Take in mind that some of your canvas blankets, like this, if you try to machine wash them, you will ruin the waterproof barrier that's on the top of the blanket."
So this one is just going to be need cleaned with a hose and a stiff brush where as some of the turnout and stable blankets are machine washable.
Alright the drink we're about to make is Alien Secretion.
"Mm, sounds good doesn't it?"
But this drink actually tastes fantastic.
You can tell by the ingredients and the smell that it's going to be good.
"So, grab an alien, squeeze out a little bit of Alien Secretion."
"Look at that color, beautiful."
Give it a straw and secrete it in to your mouth.
Bottoms up.
Here we go.
This is how you make it.
"Put ice in a glass and do one shot of melon liqueur, that green alien color, very important ingredient."
And follow that up with a shot of Malibu Rum.
"And finally, going to top it off with some pineapple juice."
It'll be about a shot of pineapple juice.
And mix this together.
Now I know Alien Secretion doesn't really sound all that great.
"Okay, so now we've prepared the bat."
We've turned our pot top over and it's time to make sure that this is properly on center so that we can start trimming.
"You dried it off again, similar way with the towel."
There's no too much water.
"Now I'm going to take some scrap clay here, simply take some pieces and take them around the edges of the plant pot."
"Usually I only need three, this is quite a large pot, some larger pot require more."
Notice how I'm not sticking the clay to the plant pot.
I'm sticking it to the back.
I'm just using one edge of the clay to secure the edge of the plant pot into place.
"Okay, so now we have centered and secured our plant pot."
The next thing is going to be trimming the foot and I will talk about that next.
"And the way we are going to do this is with a pin tool, and I showed you earlier."
"Now, what I'm going to do is turn the plant pot on the wheel and take my pin tool and steady my hands up and let the pin tool touch the pot."
"Now as you can see, the pin tool is making a mark, that to there."
"Now what I do with this mark, I face it towards me, I put a finger on each side of our mark, it's right there and right there and I'm simply going to push the pot away from me and then I'm going to re-check."
"Okay, so you can see right there, the navel is pretty much going, making a full circle around the pot."
"The more of center the pot will be, the smaller your line will be."
"So if it's really off-center, I'll just be touching one little side of it."
"So now we have the pot centered on the wheel, the next thing is going to be securing it and I just want to get a little bit of moisture on this wheel so that clay will stick."
"So we're going to talk about warm-ups, specifically, the six movements of the spine today."
"The spine is capable of elongating, it's capable of moving laterally on each side, it's capable of twisting to each side, it's capable of a back bend, and a forward bend, so actually those are really seven movements of the spine."
"So we're going to practice all of those today, and again, why is that important."
It's important to allow the spine to warm-up in each direction that it's capable of moving.
"Also, that helps the muscles that surround the spine and the other bones to begin warming up, and as I said, it lets you know where your edge is."
"So the six movements of the spine create a fabulous warm-up that you can do any time before your yoga practice; actually, done by themselves, they're a little mini practice too."
"So if you don't have a lot of time, you could just practice the six movements of the spine all by themselves."
"Hi, were going to talk a little bit about whitewater raft designs."
"Right here I have a self-bailing raft which is the most common raft out there used commercially now, starting to be a pretty common boat to be used privately as well."
"This is a twelve and a half foot self-bailing raft that you can seat, is sort of set up to carry between six to eight people, has three ports, is made of hyperlon, has an inflated floor so any water that comes into the boat drains out of the boat through these holes around the perimeter of the floor here."
"The outside tube and the floor combined, displace the weight of the paddlers in the boat so any big waves that come crashing in drain out through the floors."
The more holes you have in the perimeter of the floor the quicker the raft will drain.
The advantages of self-bailing rafts are they are more maneuverable in bigger water and you dont
"Before I start shampooing this young lady, I want to let you know that I draped her with a shampoo cape."
"Before I start shampooing this young lady, I want to let you know that I draped her with a shampoo cape."
Curly hair tends to be a bit dry.
Curly hair tends to be a bit dry.
It's going to be a little dry because it's curly.
It's going to be a little dry because it's curly.
I'm going to go ahead and wet the hair real thoroughly and use again a hydrating shampoo for her.
I'm going to go ahead and wet the hair real thoroughly and use again a hydrating shampoo for her.
A good hydrating shampoo.
A good hydrating shampoo.
Give a good 2 shampoos and make sure you go all the way down to the ends.
Give a good 2 shampoos and make sure you go all the way down to the ends.
Scrub the hair real well and then proceed to condition after.
Scrub the hair real well and then proceed to condition after.
Nice and thick like this and put the towel over.
Nice and thick like this and put the towel over.
A nice thick towel.
A nice thick towel.
I'm going to begin to shampoo her.
I'm going to begin to shampoo her.
"When we shampoo curly hair, it's even more manageable and it's easy to shampoo."
"When we shampoo curly hair, it's even more manageable and it's easy to shampoo."
We use a hydrating shampoo.
We use a hydrating shampoo.
It's something that's going to detangle and be easy to manipulate.
It's something that's going to detangle and be easy to manipulate.
You want the hair to be soft and to be easy for you to comb and cut.
You want the hair to be soft and to be easy for you to comb and cut.
It also gives her a little bit of conditioning.
It also gives her a little bit of conditioning.
Hi!
Hi!
"Secondly, because it is metal, while it's made to use in your microwave, it can still cause problems, so you want to not use it, not leave it in there as much as possible."
"Secondly, because it is metal, while it's made to use in your microwave, it can still cause problems, so you want to not use it, not leave it in there as much as possible."
"Also, you want to make sure that when you're cleaning this, you're particularly careful about cleaning corners where it's going to be touching the microwave walls."
"Also, you want to make sure that when you're cleaning this, you're particularly careful about cleaning corners where it's going to be touching the microwave walls."
All of this will be in your microwave owner's manual.
All of this will be in your microwave owner's manual.
You just want to make sure and get this all nice and clean.
You just want to make sure and get this all nice and clean.
"Even if you keep this in your microwave most of the time, it probably still won't get that dirty unless you've got exploding food all the time."
"Even if you keep this in your microwave most of the time, it probably still won't get that dirty unless you've got exploding food all the time."
This should be one of the easier steps.
This should be one of the easier steps.
We're just going to rinse it off and then put it to the side to dry.
We're just going to rinse it off and then put it to the side to dry.
Our next step is going to be cleaning the microwave oven rack.
Our next step is going to be cleaning the microwave oven rack.
This is going to be the same process as cleaning the turn table.
This is going to be the same process as cleaning the turn table.
Let me get this wet first.
Let me get this wet first.
Spray that down.
Spray that down.
Then just use your mild dish soap that you would use for cleaning your dishes and silverware.
Then just use your mild dish soap that you would use for cleaning your dishes and silverware.
You're going to wipe this down.
You're going to wipe this down.
"As I mentioned earlier, in general, you should not leave the rack in the microwave."
"As I mentioned earlier, in general, you should not leave the rack in the microwave."
"First of all, this helps prevent it from getting dirty."
"First of all, this helps prevent it from getting dirty."
Now some of the parts that you might add to your winter horse blanket are called hoods and neck covers.
This net cover will go right over the top of the head and then the blanket has buckles and the neck cover has straps.
So what we're going to do is just need apply the straps to the blanket and secure the neck cover in place.
Why would your horse need a neck cover?
Well if he's outside and it rains a lot or snows a lot on him the blanket might be waterproof but the problem is that sometimes it rains or snows on their neck and melts and it can still get down into your blanket.
So you might have a waterproof blanket but if you don't have a neck cover it won't keep it from running down their neck into the horses blanket.
Then it secures with fasteners in the front as well.
"So, that if he starts playing or running around it's pretty secure to the blanket and also in the front."
Some of the hoods or net covers will have a strap that attaches to a halter so it's got even more strength for moving around.
So this net cover is going to keep him pretty much covered from the elements from his neck and it won't allow any of the moisture to get down inside his blanket and run down into or on his chest or inside the blanket.
So that's why you would use a net cover to keep their hair coat short or to keep out the elements from inside their blanket.
Now hoods usually go down over their face so let me show you this.
This one doesn't necessarily go with this blanket but will just show you how it works. It slides up over the top of their head and then comes down thru their ears and they can see through it there we go so it would fit down over their face.
Now you'd say why do I need a hood for my horse.
"People that want that show quality shine like a lot halter horses and performance horses, show horses they want to keep them in their short hair coats all over their body all winter long so that they can keep showing them and have that summer look to them it shows off their body better."
So their going to purchase a hood that covers all their body.
It doesn't do much good if you're showing a horse to have him smooth and shiny up to right here and then his chest and head is hairy cause then you're going to need to body clip that and once you body clip it he's going to be cold there and then you're going to need to apply a hood.
Now this a net cover.
O.k.
Once you've decided where you're going to have it on there.
Darn it.
"Probably, because you forgot to take the paper off."
"And the brown one, it's already ready."
"So I'll go ahead and out them, right back where I had them."
And just iron them in place.
"You want to make sure you have the paper off, of the back."
And it should peel right off.
If it's not.
"If the adhesive is staying on the paper, then you need to re-iron it."
That means you didn't iron it long enough.
"Otherwise, you'll kind of, see a frosted look to it."
"And if you try to iron it with the paper on the back, you don't get anywhere."
So if you try to iron it and it's not sticking.
"Here, I'll be talking about a minor seven flat five chord."
Which is also known as a half diminished chord.
"Now originally in, we were talking about Triads in part one."
"A chord with a one flat three and flat five, was called diminished."
This is called half diminished.
"Because to make it a fully diminished chord, you'd also have to lower the seven, a second time."
"On the key board, this will be one, three, five, seven."
We're going to lower the third for minor.
The seven for flat seven.
Or maybe the flat seven to make it a seven chord.
And lower the five to make it a flat five or a diminished chord on the bottom with a flat seven on the top.
"Now two ways, you could write that out."
Let's look at the scale and I'll show you why.
"You could write it, as a C, half diminished seven."
"Or C minor seven, flat five."
"Or over here, C minor seven, flat five."
"Here's the major scale, all seven notes."
"Now, we're going to first talk about minor seven."
Which we did in the last clip.
Which was a lowered third to make it minor and a lowered seven to make it seven.
"You had a one flat, three five, flat seven, for minor seven."
Now we're also going to flat the five.
"So you have one, flat three, flat five, flat seven."
"My name is Anthony Maddaloni, and I'm going to talk about how to become a medical photographer."
"Now, a medical photographer is a photographer that documents, essentially, facts for doctors, insurance companies, hospitals, patient rights advocates, and what you're really doing -- it could be anywhere from taking slides of literally accidents, potentially surgeries going on, and documenting them properly."
You might be using a completely different type of set up.
So that's one way.
The other thing is to look at a lot of different types of medical photography out there.
"That could be medical journals, websites, and see, you know, is this something that I think I can be good at?"
Can I understand this type of composition?
So those are some of the ways that I would become a medical photographer.
And it's more of a technical type of photography than action-based photography.
"And one way you might want to break into this type of photography is to go to a medical school and see what a medical school...who they use, and assist."
"Like any other type of photography that I talk about, really, your first little foot in the door is finding someone who does it professionally and spend a day with them and see what it's like because it might not be anything what you think it's like or it might be even better than you think it is, and you can find out that you're suited for that type of photography."
"Now, medical photography is a type of photography where you're probably going to be using something...a digital camera."
"You want to make sure that you have a digital camera that can make a nice, a rather large file because you never know what these..."
"These could be used in a court case, they could be used for lectures, med school."
So you want to make sure you have the right equipment in order to do this type of photography.
"You wouldn't use cameras that you would, say, use for photojournalism for medical photography."
"Now the triangle is, alot of people dont know this but its named after a very popular geometric shape called the triangle and all this is, is a steel rod that's been bent twice to form that three sided shape we call the triangle and it's always open on one end because in order for the sound to resonate it's got to be open otherwise you'd get a real muted, mufilled sound."
"And there's basically three parts to the triangle as an instrument theres the triangle itself, there's the holder which what I have is a wooden bead that's been run through with a nylon cord to hold the triangle up."
And the third part the hammer or the striker or the beater or the metal stick that you hit it with.
Whatever term you want to use for that those are the three parts.
Holding the triangle the triangle itself which is gonna produce the tone and the hammer that helps you with that.
What we want to talk about right now is the importance of our defensive backs and coming up to stop the run play.
"Once he gets up to the line of scrimmage and he can get involved in the play, he's either got to do one of two things."
Break down and float in and make the open field tackle. Or two he may have to come in and help a team mate out.
"And maybe get a strip, cause a fumble and finish out the play."
"So its very important for our defensive backs to be able to read, shed block, come up and make tackles."
"Now our safety that's back, he's probably not going to make a whole lot of tackles in the run game, but he still has to try to find the ball, come up and try to help out."
"Obviously, the main thing to the 6-2 defense is we want to stop the run."
We believe that this team offensively is going to run the ball the majority of the time and we don't have to worry a whole lot about the pass.
But the first responsibility of this guy has got to be don't get burnt on the pass play.
"So first of all when the ball is snapped, he has got to start his back peddle."
He's got to pick up the quarterback.
He's got to find out if the quarterback handed the ball off or if he's dropping back so that he has to go into pass coverage.
"Once he recognizes that that guy has handed the ball off, he has to first of all get this guy off of him who's going to be coming out to block him."
"He's got to stay low, get into him, shed the block. And then he's got to come up as hard as he can."
"Hi there, this is Curtis Carter and this particular drill is called pro passing and defense."
"Again, being a well rounded player, you don't want to be one dimensional so you want to be complete in every way."
"Pass it, thumbs down."
"And I would also like to say that when you pass the ball, you want to step forward into the pass thumbs down, ok?"
"Into the pass, thumbs down."
Again.
"Into the pass, thumbs down, ok?"
"Now, a regular pass, thumbs down, ok?"
And you get it to him.
Nice chest pass.
Ok.
Right in the chest.
Being complete is also knowing how to pass the basketball as a guard and a big guy and playing defense.
"Thumbs down, forward."
Forward.
"I'll step back, same thing."
You want to step into the pass.
"Create momentum as you pass the ball, ok?"
"Chest pass, right."
"Extend, good."
"So then I'll step back some more, this here is the lengthy chest pass."
Chest pass.
Right.
Championship teams begin with defense and we're going to play pro defense.
"You're coming down, transition, your man cuts, you hit him with a chest pass."
Bulls-eye right on his chest.
"Couple of dribbles, hit him, chest pass, right?"
"Its real smooth, just nonchalant, you come down step through, chest pass."
"Just hit him right there, he dribbles, comes down, man cuts to the basket, chest pass, right?"
That there is pro conditioning drills chest pass defense.
First drill we're going to is a simple chest pass.
"I will start slow, I'll go close, medium to the free throw line and back just chest passing."
"It?s very important that you have a strong, firm chest pass."
Find the bulls-eye on teammate's chest and hit him right in the middle.
In all aspects of the game when you're passing with the chest pass.
"Start up close and the important thing is as you do the chest pass, you want to pass it thumbs down."
Hello folks.
In this clip I'm going to teach you how to draw a jeans and t-shirt outfit for our girl here.
"Not really necessary, but again, that is entirely up to you."
"Come down here, we'll draw the legs. And we'll see. Since we're drawing jeans, we're going to come down all the way to the bottom here and draw the bottom of the jeans."
Come up top and draw some pockets.
"Even if you want to, come in here and draw some belt loops, maybe a button."
It's up to you.
"And since, I would make these jeans not completely form fitting."
I might come down here maybe add some wrinkles along the sides.
"Come on down, you can add a little more depth to the bottom."
And I will just dive right in.
Make sure you clearly know where the knees are.
Draw some slippers on our girl.
"But, yeah, there you have it."
The jeans and t-shirt look.
Draw her upper body and her neck just like that.
"Come on down, shoulders and all the way down to her waist."
Draw her arms coming down this way.
Forearms and the fingers kind of resting on what will be her hips.
"Alright, so now to draw the t-shirt."
"What we're going to do is we're going to come in here and we'll just draw a little swoop just like that for the top of the t-shirt, and then just come in here and draw the sleeves like so."
You can obviously add a design to the shirt if you want to.
"Hi, my name is Colin Kilbane and I'm going to show you how to make a small volcano."
"Hi, my name is Colin Kilbane and I'm going to show you how to make a small volcano."
"Very simple, you got the stuff from your kitchen."
"Very simple, you got the stuff from your kitchen."
"I've got vinegar in here, but it doesn't look much like lava does it?"
"I've got vinegar in here, but it doesn't look much like lava does it?"
I'll add a couple drops of red food coloring.
I'll add a couple drops of red food coloring.
"Put the cap on, there we go."
"Put the cap on, there we go."
Now we've got lava.
Now we've got lava.
"I've got a little funnel, you don't have to have one but it makes it work."
"I've got a little funnel, you don't have to have one but it makes it work."
Got baking soda here.
Got baking soda here.
"I'm going to put several scoops of baking soda into my volcano, there's two big ones, let's do one more."
"I'm going to put several scoops of baking soda into my volcano, there's two big ones, let's do one more."
Now it's time to add my favorite secret ingredient which is dish soap.
Now it's time to add my favorite secret ingredient which is dish soap.
"A couple of drops of dish soap, give it a little swirl, mix it in."
"A couple of drops of dish soap, give it a little swirl, mix it in."
And now we're ready to make our volcano erupt.
And now we're ready to make our volcano erupt.
Okay.
Okay.
Give it a really good squirt of lava in there.
Give it a really good squirt of lava in there.
There we go.
There we go.
"Now if you build the volcano, you can put sand or paper mache or foam around your flask or your bottle and make a real volcano."
"Now if you build the volcano, you can put sand or paper mache or foam around your flask or your bottle and make a real volcano."
"Now this one is great for small children because we just have baking soda and vinegar, there's no hot water, there's no complicated setup."
"Now this one is great for small children because we just have baking soda and vinegar, there's no hot water, there's no complicated setup."
There's fewer things to go wrong.
There's fewer things to go wrong.
"And you can keep on adding until you're out of baking soda, that works great with groups of children."
"And you can keep on adding until you're out of baking soda, that works great with groups of children."
Each of them can put a squirt of lava in.
Each of them can put a squirt of lava in.
"And there we have it, that's how to make a small volcano."
"And there we have it, that's how to make a small volcano."
First thing you need is your volcano.
First thing you need is your volcano.
I'm using a little flask here but you can use a pop bottle.
I'm using a little flask here but you can use a pop bottle.
One of those little pop bottles.
One of those little pop bottles.
Anything that's got a narrow mouth on it.
Anything that's got a narrow mouth on it.
It'll help out.
It'll help out.
"Now I've got a little cake pan here, just to catch our lava so we don't make too big of a mess."
"Now I've got a little cake pan here, just to catch our lava so we don't make too big of a mess."
"Now our lava, let's make our lava."
"Now our lava, let's make our lava."
In this segment what we are going to do is download the third program which is Firefox which is a browser alternative and we are going to start with the screen at the point of the last segment we did.
"So we just are in any window, it doesn't make any difference where you ended up in download."
Download.com you can just go to the search window and click and let's type in Firefox.
Anyway we are going to go over here and click go and it is going to come up with the search results and sure enough this is the program that we want right here.
"We are going to go to download now and then we are going to save with that and it is still pointing to local C downloads, that's great and then you say save."
So Firefox is coming down to the computer and it is going to give us all three programs in the download program and we will be in a position to execute those programs in the next segment.
We're working with our wide receivers right now and we're working on some patterns they can run to get themselves open and hopefully make a big play for your offense.
One thing to make sure of in the post route is that you really push that defensive back and get him in the back peddle so they think you're going long.
"Then, you'll break it off and go straight across the field and the quarterback will try to hit you with more of a deep route than the slant (video demo)."
You can see he took more of a deep route and we picked up a lot more yardage than we would if we just ran a quick slant.
That's called a post route.
We're going to talk about the post route.
It's very similar to the slant route except we want to go a little deeper with it and more straight across as opposed to a 45 degree angle.
The quick slant route is to get us a quick pass in the middle to try to go behind the linebackers and pick up about 5 or 6 yards.
"With a post route we want to pick up more like 10, 12 or 15 yards."
"So, we want to go a little deeper."
We'll have our receiver push the defensive back off.
When he gets about 8 to 10 yards he'll head across the field and the quarterback will throw him more of a deep pattern and let him go get the ball.
Let's run it at full speed instead of the walk through (video demo).
"Hi, I'm John Jackson from Remax Suburban in St. Louis, Missouri. I'm going to talk to you a little bit about that and how that process works."
"For example, very often in my market, garages are added after the home was built."
"Building requirements change constantly so it is entirely possible that a garage that was built fifty or sixty years ago may in fact sit over a property line, even by just a small number of inches and if that's the case and your neighbor then decides they'd like your garage removed from their property, that obviously affects the value of the home."
And that's one example I can use to demonstrate the importance of having a survey performed on the property that you're purchasing.
I'm going to talk to you a little bit about that and how that process works.
"The survey is an overhead drawing, a sketch, made by the land surveying company."
They actually draw out the property as it sits within the boundary lines and all the improvements on the property.
It will show decks and porches and make sure that everything is built within the regulations for that local municipality.
I'm standing next to a sewer discharge.
This is actually water rain retention discharge so the survey may in fact show that the sewer company maintains the right to have access to this small area.
The survey will show any encroachments from your property onto a neighbor's property as well as any neighbor's property onto your property that may affect the value down the road.
Today we're here to talk about low maintenance gardening.
Today we're here to talk about low maintenance gardening.
"So what I like to do to ensure that you get the whole root and all is use your little cultivator and dig down right next to the root and loosen it up, because if you just try to pull it you might leave a little piece of root in there and that could actually propagate new weed growth."
"So what I like to do to ensure that you get the whole root and all is use your little cultivator and dig down right next to the root and loosen it up, because if you just try to pull it you might leave a little piece of root in there and that could actually propagate new weed growth."
"So you want to take it, wiggle it as you pull it up and get that whole root and don't just throw the weeds on your lawn."
"So you want to take it, wiggle it as you pull it up and get that whole root and don't just throw the weeds on your lawn."
"Keep a container nearby, a box or a bucket or something, throw them in a bucket and then get rid of the weed somewhere else because if you throw it in your lawn you're probably just going to grow weed right there."
"Keep a container nearby, a box or a bucket or something, throw them in a bucket and then get rid of the weed somewhere else because if you throw it in your lawn you're probably just going to grow weed right there."
"Okay, now here's a subject that we don't really like to talk about or even think about and that's weeding."
"Okay, now here's a subject that we don't really like to talk about or even think about and that's weeding."
Every garden is going to grow weeds.
Every garden is going to grow weeds.
There's not really much that you can do to prevent it.
There's not really much that you can do to prevent it.
So my advice is to weed before you really have to weed.
So my advice is to weed before you really have to weed.
What I try to do is get out in my garden for 1/2 an hour a week just to weed.
What I try to do is get out in my garden for 1/2 an hour a week just to weed.
Another advantage of a small garden is there's not that many weeds.
Another advantage of a small garden is there's not that many weeds.
"So don't let them get out of hand, it's not that much of a hassle."
"So don't let them get out of hand, it's not that much of a hassle."
"Now, you can go out and cut your weeds with a hoe, which a lot of people do and I don't like to do that cause that's just going to stimulate more weed growth."
"Now, you can go out and cut your weeds with a hoe, which a lot of people do and I don't like to do that cause that's just going to stimulate more weed growth."
Now another thing that you can do with your wax is use it as a decorative effect.
Now another thing that you can do with your wax is use it as a decorative effect.
"The way that that works, you go ahead and put the wax where it's needed on the pot."
"The way that that works, you go ahead and put the wax where it's needed on the pot."
"Which in this case, will turn dark brown."
"Which in this case, will turn dark brown."
"In this case, on the bottom."
"In this case, on the bottom."
"Now clearly we don't need the wax resist anywhere else on this pot, but what you can do is take your brush, load it up with your hot wax and make a design on the pot."
"Now clearly we don't need the wax resist anywhere else on this pot, but what you can do is take your brush, load it up with your hot wax and make a design on the pot."
It can be anything.
It can be anything.
"It could be just little squiggles, you can draw an actual character, anything you have interest to put on there."
"It could be just little squiggles, you can draw an actual character, anything you have interest to put on there."
"And what this is going to do is when you go to dip this pot in the glaze, which I'll demonstrate in a moment, this glaze will resist, I mean this wax will resist the glaze."
"And what this is going to do is when you go to dip this pot in the glaze, which I'll demonstrate in a moment, this glaze will resist, I mean this wax will resist the glaze."
You'll be left with bare clay anywhere that you've brushed this wax.
You'll be left with bare clay anywhere that you've brushed this wax.
"But what's kind of cool about it is usually, your glaze is going to have kind of a halo edge around every place where it stops."
"But what's kind of cool about it is usually, your glaze is going to have kind of a halo edge around every place where it stops."
"So you'll have your glaze, a little bit of a halo seeping into the wax area, and then these nice decorative areas that you've left blank."
"So you'll have your glaze, a little bit of a halo seeping into the wax area, and then these nice decorative areas that you've left blank."
"Before I put the rattle together, first I've got to make things that rattle, so all you do is take a little piece of clay and just make a bunch of little beads."
"Now the smaller these beads are, the more of them you can fit in there, the higher pitch they're going to be."
So I like to make a bunch of different sizes so that you get kind of a nice varied tone.
"And with these little beads, rolling them on the canvas like this, the surfaces of them are going to be pretty dry, but it is kind of nice to let them sit up for about five to ten minutes before you put your rattle together, so that they're not going to stick to the inside of your rattle."
And I'd say go ahead and keep rolling these until you have a small handful.
You need to have enough so that you'll get decent sound.
"And they don't need to be perfectly round, it doesn't really matter what shape they end up being."
"So just keep going with that for a few minutes, and few seconds until you've got enough, and then I'll put the rattle together."
O.k.
"as part of safety go, we went through the ""S"", ""A"" is for atmosphere."
"So, if you'll kind of look up on top, the arrow up on top is a wind indicator and that points in the direction the wind is coming from."
"So, the front of the arrow there is pointing in the direction of the wind."
"It'll swing around there, depending which ever way the wind is coming."
"And other indicators are flags on boats. ""Tell them to show you which direction the wind's coming from."" We also have other indicator's to get the, some information on when it's coming from such as burgees and flags, flying on other boats, which we have over here on the kings slip behind us."
"You not only want to know what the weather is like, conditions, whether it's cloudy, overcast, sunny, rainy, foggy, but you also want to know the direction the wind is coming from, and how hard it's blowing."
"Cause, believe it not there, you can take your boat out, raise sails and you can sail all over the bay, but where you're going to run into difficulties is when you're coming back and docking the boat, or leaving the dock."
"So, the main thing to remember if anything else is the direction the wind is coming from and how hard it's blowing, cause it will do goofy things to your boat, o.k."
"""And, how do you really determine the wind?"
Do you listen to local channels?
"Do you have a weather device on board?"""
"Yea, there's certain different ways out there, you can listen to the weather forecast in the morning there, or you could get a hold of any of the news channels out and lot of marinas also have anemometer with, gives you what the wind is blowing, but also, when you're in the marina, you can just feel it on your face, your hair."
"Also, one of the other indicators that you will be able to use to tell which direction the wind is coming from, is wind indexes on top of the mast of the boat."
Hi!
My name is Ashley Ludman from Seaside Yoga.
It affects our physiological systems.
"When we are bending forward in Forward Bends, we are creating an internal massage to our digestive system."
"When we are going into Spinal Twist, we are creating a massaging action for the intervertebral joints."
"So in essence, our yoga practice benefits our physical body, not just in our strength and our flexibility, but it also benefits our internal organ functions."
It affects brain control and mindfulness of stress reduction.
"So, it affects our body in so many different ways and I hope you find the great affects and I hope your body enjoys your yoga practice."
"So, the question is, what does yoga do for the body?"
"A lot of times we think of yoga as being a tool to help us gain flexibility, and many people that I meet on the street and talk to about yoga, they think that they cannot do yoga because they are not flexible enough."
"Well, in essence they are strong, so strength and flexibility are a great marriage for any type of yoga posture."
"So, physically, the postures or the Asanas that we perform in a yoga class on a yoga mat, help us to find that balance within."
"When you are in a new posture, you might start to be aware of your legs."
"You might start to be more aware of your hips, more aware of how your core supports you."
How your shoulders need to open up so that you can gain more breathe within your lungs.
"So, yoga affects the body in the external form, but also internally."
"I am wearing pattern jacket, pattern checkered jacket with a low cut neck line, 3/4 sleeves and the waist of this jacket."
As you can see the length of this jacket as you can see falls slightly below my waist.
As long as the jacket is not fitting or above my waist then I am safe because on a tall woman any jacket that hits the waist or below the waist is not going to look proportional.
"Now, in addition to this jacket here I put together a skirt that falls very natural and very nicely with the jacket it's a black skirt, black fitted pencil skirt and a pair of shoes, which has a small here, which completes the look."
"And makes it look very elegant and even though my shoes are not black, which would be a total match to the outfit."
"It's dark brown but still it completes the color, it brings out the style."
And also always keep in mind that your upper shoulders should not be over sized as well as your bust line or your waist length.
Everything should be kept proportional.
And this is one more way to show how simple a nice outfit can be put for a tall woman.
Today we're going to make a beautiful mushroom and butterfly incense burner out of polymer clay.
So we're going to start with the outside top wing.
You're going to draw a butterfly without the body.
"So you're going to draw the wings as one whole piece and you don't want to get too complicated because, again, we're going to cut this out and it's very flimsy so you don't want to get too elaborate."
"Just make a simple, butterfly shape, cutting through with your poker."
You want to lift it up when you're done.
"Shape the wings, even them out if you have to."
You can test it out and if it looks like it's going to be too big then you can make it smaller.
If it looks like it's too small then you can add more.
I think this is a really nice size.
In this next step we're going to create the butterfly wings that are going to go on the butterfly of our mushroom.
"So we're going to select our colors for the butterfly, and we had picked blue."
We're going to add some white and some clear.
You really don't want to make this very big because our mushroom isn't very big.
You don't want this huge butterfly creature that's going to overpower the entire thing.
You're aiming for about one forth inch thickness.
That's the goal.
Basically you're going to draw a butterfly.
"Alright, if you are new to preparing tea an important thing for me to talk about is steeping or brewing."
"In this series, you'll hear me use the words steeping and brewing interchangeably."
"Now, what I mean by steeping or brewing your tea is you're adding hot water to the tea leaves and allowing them a certain amount of time for all of the flavor, the caffeine, the healthy antioxidants and all that is tea to escape from the leaves into the water or, you know, to join in and become defused into the water."
"So, that's what it is to brew a cup, a pot, of tea is simply to join it with hot water and allow the hot water to join the tea leaves and become a cup of tea."
"So again, that's steeping and brewing."
You'll hear me saying that a whole lot.
Don't get confused.
It' just the process of making a cup of tea.
This is part three of the series and we'll be the second side dish that will be creole style green beans.
This is part three of the series and we'll be the second side dish that will be creole style green beans.
"We're taking our bacon, the pieces that we cut and now we're rendering that in a heavy pot here and we want to render a lot of the bacon fat off."
"We're taking our bacon, the pieces that we cut and now we're rendering that in a heavy pot here and we want to render a lot of the bacon fat off."
Because its flavor from the bacon fat that's going to give the green beans a nice smoky flavor.
Because its flavor from the bacon fat that's going to give the green beans a nice smoky flavor.
"And we want this bacon to crisp up a little bit so we render, we're doing this on a medium high heat and you know you just move it around, you don't want it to burn it can let is sit for a little bit."
"And we want this bacon to crisp up a little bit so we render, we're doing this on a medium high heat and you know you just move it around, you don't want it to burn it can let is sit for a little bit."
"And just stay attentive to it, always pay attention to it cause you don't really want it to burn."
"And just stay attentive to it, always pay attention to it cause you don't really want it to burn."
"If you didn't want to use bacon, you can use ham, you can use Canadian bacon but like I said I like to use the hickory smoke just for that smoky flavor."
"If you didn't want to use bacon, you can use ham, you can use Canadian bacon but like I said I like to use the hickory smoke just for that smoky flavor."
"And if while you're doing this your oil starts to pop, it means that the heat is too high, just turn it down a notch and keep going."
"And if while you're doing this your oil starts to pop, it means that the heat is too high, just turn it down a notch and keep going."
"So anyway, we'll continue to render our bacon and watch our next step."
"So anyway, we'll continue to render our bacon and watch our next step."
"Hi, my name is Chris from Aquatic Central, here in San Francisco, and on the web at, aquatic-central.com, and I'd like to tell you how to tell, if your fish is sick."
"Generally, the easiest way to tell if a fish is sick, is by visual inspection."
"For example, a fish is lethargic, not swimming around, maybe resting at the bottom."
A fish may show signs of rapid breathing.
A fish may show a lack of appetite.
These will be other ways of trying to identify whether your fish is sick.
"Again, it's important to try to keep an eye on your fish regularly, to see how he normally behaves, and how he normally looks."
"Sometimes, it would also behoove you, to do a little bit of research on the type of fish you have, to see what common ailments they do suffer from."
"That way, it will help you to identify when that fish is sick."
"Again, this is how you can tell if a fish is sick."
"My name is Chris, with Aquatic Central, here in San Francisco, and on the web at: aquatic-central.com."
"Usually, you'll have to get a little bit familiar with how your fish looks, so this will require regular inspections."
"That way, you will be able to distinguish when there are differences."
"Usually, there will be either fungus, bacteria, or parasitic diseases, or infections."
"Most of them can be identified by a visual inspection, either by white tufts, or cottony growths."
There could be small animals growing on your fish.
"There could be a loss of coloration, a loss of scale, or rotting, decaying fins."
"Usually, it's pretty easy to tell when a fish is sick."
"Sometimes, there will be more innocuous symptoms, which will require just behavioral monitoring."
Now the first step in finding a good mechanic is you can talk with your friends.
"Which means that the mechanics have passed a test that says that they have the mechanic skills that are required, hopefully to fix your vehicle."
And also you can look up if the shop is triple A accredited.
This means that their work and services have been verified by Triple A.
Once you've picked a mechanic they're several things you can look for when you go to the shop.
"First thing is, you can look for posted prices on the wall and the prices that you were quoted over the phone should be similar or be the same as those prices that are posted."
"Once you bring your car in, you should be able to have the mechanic look over your car and assess any repairs that need to be made."
"And before any work is actually done on the vehicle, you're entitled to approve that work."
"So if you know what repairs need to be made to your car, you can call around to dealers or other parts shops and find out how much that part should cost."
"The mechanic doing the service work on your car may charge a little bit more, but the price should be within the relative ball park of any other retailer."
"So if you believe that any of the work that a mechanic may recommend is not valid, you can always take your vehicle to another mechanic and ask for a second opinion."
"Hopefully if they have the same make and model of your car, they'll have a little insight into who can help you out."
"Before the work has begun, you should ask the mechanic how long the warranty is on both the parts and the labor."
And also ask him to give a full explanation of the work with details of what exactly is wrong with your vehicle and what needs to be changed.
So once you approve the work on your vehicle be sure to tell the mechanic to keep all the old parts.
"Because once the work is done, you want to take a look at the old part and verify that the part had actually been changed for a new one."
"Now the next thing that you can do is to look in your local phonebook. Now what you want to do is after you look up several car mechanics in your area, you want to give them a call and if you know what service you need with your vehicle, you can ask for a price quote or an approximate quote and compare several prices and you should be able to tell what the average price should be for a certain job."
So you want to look for a mechanic that specializes in your particular make.
Say if your car is made in Japan and is of a certain model that they specialize in that.
"Since they probably have more experience with that model of car, they'll probably do a better job."
So another thing you can do when deciding which mechanic you should go to is you can go to the Better Business Bureaus' website and you can look up the name of the company and see if there's any complaints or how the customers' have rated that particular mechanic.
Another thing you can look for when looking up a mechanic is you should be able to find out whether they have ASE certified mechanics.
"Before becoming a professional hairstylist, I had no idea there was even a difference between curling irons."
"I'm Laura Gibson, beauty expert here to tell you the different between curling irons."
"So once again, there are three types of curling irons."
"Chrome, gold and ceramic."
Its all about what you want.
"I'm Laura Gibson, beauty expert."
There's three types.
"One would be your chrome curling iron, your gold curling iron and your ceramic curling iron."
"Now the different between the three, varies."
"For example, the first one which everyone usually likes to go because it will save you a penny, that would be your chrome."
"The second one is more for someone who uses their flat iron but not everyday, that would be your gold."
"Now however, if you're a curling iron junkie like me, you're going to want to what?"
You're going to want to go with ceramic.
Ceramic actually seals your cuticle to leave you with that silky smooth finish.
The next thing we're going to talk about is heating your blood python.
"Generally, especially when you start off small, the baby in like a fifteen gallon aquarium, we're going to be talking about light bulbs as far as heating."
"Then we're going to be looking at, is you need two heat bulbs."
You need a day bulb and a night bulb.
"Generally, your night bulb, which will be a red bulb or a blue bulb or a black bulb, colored so that the reptile doesn't see it at night so much and it allows them to sleep, is going to be a slightly lower wattage than say, your day bulb, which will be on during the day."
"Usually you want like a seventy five watt night bulb and a hundred watt day bulb, something like that."
Every house is going to differ depending on the temperature you keep it in.
So you're going to have to play with your wattages a little bit to find the right temperatures.
"What we're really looking for here is somewhere in the eighty five to ninety degree temperature range on the high end for your blood python and in the low end, somewhere around eighty five to eighty degrees."
It's going to be the most accessible and affordable way for you to heat a beginning enclosure.
What you're going to need is you're going to need two heat lamp fixtures.
"You want to make sure those heat lamp fixtures have a ceramic base, not plastic, plastic melts and it becomes a fire hazard."
We don't want that.
"I know people who have burnt their houses down, not buying the correct equipment."
"So make sure it is a ceramic base and, also make sure that it's rated the right amount of wattages we're going to be using."
"This, generally I recommend people buy the highest rating wattage they can get, that way, in case they need to upgrade the light bulb they're going to be using, they're already ready to go."
"This guy, as you can see right here, is only rated for seventy five watts today."
In this segment we're going to be talking about another trick type of a brush and this ones going to be behind the back brush.
Now to do the behind the back brush obviously it has to be somewhere around your waist.
There it is.
There's the nesting.
So you can do it on either side you just have to be aware of which direction the Frisbee is spinning.
Try to make sure you get your body out of the way when you're brushing this way and this way.
That's a behind the back brush.
And what you want to do is that's the basic brush but you're going to want to do it so your hand is behind your back.
Now obviously there's not a lot of room there when you're doing a behind the back brush but if you time it just right and get your body out of the way you should be able to do it.
We're going to do it with a clock spin first.
"From here, brush."
Ryan's a little bit better at it so he's going to try a couple of brushes.
You can do it on either side.
There's the right handed brush.
Now he's going to try the left handed brush with a clock spin.
"We're ready now to talk about how this hem is going to look when we're, when we're finished."
"We need to turn it under and pin it, but let me show you why we are going to pin it the way we do."
"So, what we want to do is make this mark and this mark meet."
"And so we just want to grab this mark, and just pinch it, just like this so it is there on top."
And just bring it over.
Your going to hold it.
And you can see.
There's a mark here and a mark here.
I'll have to put my thumb there.
My fingernail.
Feel it.
I can tell that it is right there on top.
"But if you're not quite for sure, just grab a pin, and just stick it in, right where that one mark is and bring it out and look it goes right through to the other mark."
"So, I know that's perfectly where I need it."
"And, so since we know that."
This is what the hem is going to look like.
We're just going to fold it up again so you can see how well that's going to look.
"So, like I said, this is the top of the cuff and the bottom of the cuff."
And the final hem.
"So, in the next clip."
I'll show you how to pin it all the way around and then we'll close it up in a few steps later.
"So, let's get started pinning this down."
"So, like we said, this first mark is our new hem length. This mark is going to be the top of the cuff."
This mark is the bottom of the cuff.
And this mark is what's turned underneath.
This this hem is what's turned underneath and hidden away on the inside of the pants.
"So, when we do this cuff, what we want to do is, make sure this is on top, this is going to be right at the top."
And it's going to be up here.
And this mark and this mark are both one and and one-fourth inch away from the top of the cuff.
Now we're going to start moving around a little bit in our hoop.
We're going to talk about turning and moving our feet.
"As you move, you can lift one foot up, lift the other foot up."
You can point a toe moving back and forth.
You can bump your hips back and forth and have a lot of fun with it.
You can also turn pretty quickly coming up on your toes.
"You can turn in the other direction a little bit more quickly, keeping it going."
Remember to move around.
Have fun with the hoop.
"Once again, place the hoop on your back and let's give it a whirl."
Get it spinning.
"As it's spinning, really notice the hoop pressing into your stomach and your back as Hannah explained."
"If you're hooping to your left like we do, as the hoop presses into your left hip, slowly start to turn your body in small circles."
Feel how the hoop just glides and guides you around.
"Now, if you turn in the opposite direction, notice how fast the hoop goes."
"One, you feel like you're kind of in the middle of a blender."
"It's a really interesting, so definitely try turning in the opposite direction."
Then we would also if you would like to have like a small drill and parts to go with it that is handy around the house we have this little set that you can you put this into the drill and then you put one of these insert bits and we have those.
It has a magnet and it holds it then you can use it to work on your things with that.
It has a security torque and the torque and the square and the Philip's and the flat and a lot of different kinds.
It also has a thing that you can use to for wing nuts on your drill.
Then the drill this is a small drill but if you just need it around the house a electric drill and it is only $19.99 and it is handy to have a drill when you are trying to put up your blinds at the house they work so much better if you have a drill to help you with it.
Hello.
This is J.B.
If you wanted to you could use the same kind of bottles.
"So, with that being said the basic difference between a standard and a champagne bottle is a thick glass, the ability to hold carbonation, also this little halo of glass."
Why does it have that?
It has that so that with a champagne bottle you would use a stopper either a plastic type champagne stopper like this one or an actual champagne cork like these guys here.
"Now, champagne corks have their whole another set of circumstances. If you use a champagne cork you have to have a champagne corker."
I unfortunately don't have one in stock right now to show you.
The only one I have is from Italy.
These things are a little bit of a bear to use.
"So, be careful if you're going to get into champagne corking."
I'm with Austin Homebrew Supply here in Austin Texas.
Most folks will use the little plastic stopper and then you take one of your champagne wires and you put it over the top of it.
That's where this little halo of glass comes in.
The halo of glass allows the bottom of the champagne wire to hold on underneath there so that when fermentation develops that cork won't pop right out of the champagne bottle.
"So, so champagne bottles are a great way to store your sparkling either champagne or sparkling homemade wines."
Today we are discussing wine equipment; right now I want to talk a little bit about champagne bottles.
"Now, champagne bottles are a catch all term for bottles of this kind of nature right here."
Generally thick walled with a little bit of halo of glass right here.
Champagne bottles unlike a traditional wine bottle; champagne bottles are intended to hold pressurized carbonated wine.
Now there are not many wines that are carbonated.
Champagne and also sparkling wines are the only two sparkling wines available on the commercial market or even as a home brewer.
"The other thing that you could use this for would be ciders, maybe like a sparkling cider."
"So, how much caffeine is in a flowering art tea?"
"Well, flowering art tea, the base, which is this flower base that you see here, that's made of all tea leaves though tea leaves used is mainly a white tea, sometimes it's a green tea but mainly a white tea."
"If you brew it at room temperature there should be very, very, very little caffeine in it."
"But if you brew it at a higher temperature so that you can get the blossom to come to reveal itself sooner, then you're going to bring a tea about that has a moderate amount of caffeine, about 20 milligrams of caffeine or so."
"Another great thing about these flowering teas, is they last about a week."
All you have to do is throw out the old water and put in fresh room temperature water and let it sit and it'll keep blossoming and blossoming.
All you have to do is everyday or so you change out the water.
"If you choose to drink it, which I don't recommend, there should be no caffeine at all."
"One other thing about flowering tea, is the flowers inside the tea has added health benefits."
Hi this is Nigel Gregory with Blue Griffin Handyman.
Today we're going to show you how to use a hammer safely.
Watch your face when you come up.
Don't bring it up too high.
But just lightly let the hammer fall.
And that was how to use a hammer safely.
Now for most projects you probably don't want to use a hammer this big.
But today we're just going to use this framing hammer.
Now when you use a hammer it's always important to wear your safety gear.
Good eye-protection and sometimes even ear-protection always help in a job.
"Now to start you take your nail, you take your hammer, and to fasten two pieces of wood together you put your nail down and you hit the head of the nail just to secure it into the piece of wood."
Just lightly like that.
"Once you have it standing by itself, hold the two pieces of wood down and really let it go."
"Don't grip the hammer too hard, kind of loosely and use a good deal of momentum."
"AMANDA CLAIRE: All right, so already we've saved a lot of money."
"I mean, the embroidery hoops are cheap, this fabric like this can be, you know, sometimes 50 cents a yard."
"You know, yellow--I have a few colors here, yellow, red, white."
You can even mix these colors if you want to kind of make your own colors.
"So these are your screen printing inks, but just remember when you go shopping for inks, you know get the colors you want and you know, shop around a bit."
"You know buy these from a printing or craft supply store, but remember you do need a different type of ink depending on what kind of printing your doing."
"So these actually say fabric inks on them, fabric screen printing ink, so these are good for printing t-shirts."
"But if I was going to print posters or you know any kind of art print or I don't know, greeting cards or something, I would want to get a different kind of ink that's used for that."
"I mean, that's about what I paid for this like 50, 75 cents a yard; very, very cheap stuff."
And so we've already saved a lot of money with that.
We don't have to buy any emulsion.
"One thing you really can't, you know be miserly about, you know, something you really do kinda need to be spending some money on are the correct kinds of paint or ink for screen printing."
And you don't want to just use any old paint or any old ink.
"You really want to kinda go to an art store or to a printing store and get the right stuff and so if you're going to be printing onto paper, there's certain inks you would use for that."
"If you're going to be printing on the fabric, there's certain inks that you would use for that."
"So I have some of them here, some fabric screen printing ink; these are by the Speedball company, but I'm not endorsing them, I'm just saying that, from the Speedball company; there's different companies that sell this stuff."
"One of the quickest ways to learn how to jump rope, I'll have a lot of new people come in and they'll say I haven't jumped rope since I was a kid or I've never jumped rope, and I'll see them over in the corner struggling with their jump roping."
"And other people come in and they already know how to jump rope and they're doing great and you know, people are watching each other."
"And then at some point you can do the twice on one foot, twice on the other, and breath."
"But make sure your hands are not going into big circles, OK?."
Make sure your feet are not going way up and a good place to do this is actually in the mirror.
"Once you do that for a two minute round, in fact I've even had some of the kids doing them for three two minute rounds, because you'll actually get the same workout without the jump rope anyway, but you look kind of foolish sometimes when the other boxers are looking at you and you don't have a jump rope and you're still jumping."
"But the best way to learn how to jump rope, take the jump rope, set it aside, go through the motions."
You can do it right in the mirror so you can see yourself.
"Up and down, try it, I'll bet you'll be surprised."
"But with the people that are having trouble, I tell them come on over here and bring your jump rope and then I say OK, let me show you how to jump rope."
"So they hand me their jump rope and I take the jump rope and I say the best way, and they think they're going to see me jump rope, wrong."
"What I do is, I take the jump rope and I say the first thing you do is you take your jump rope and you set it aside, OK?"
Just get rid of the jump rope completely for a minute.
"Now what you're going to do is you're going to get in a position for jump roping and you're going to make believe you have a jump rope, OK?"
So we're going to start hopping on the two feet and we're going to make our hands go down in that slow circle.
"As your hands go down, your feet come up, OK?"
"And just make believe you've got a jump rope, OK?"
Now in this segment I am going to go over umbilical cord care.
It will dry out a lot faster.
"Now, some doctors say to not touch the umbilical cord at all."
Some say just use plain water and a cotton swab.
Some say use a Q-Tip with either hydrogen peroxide or rubbing alcohol.
I personally use a cotton Q-Tip and rubbing alcohol.
All I do is kind of dip it in there and then squeeze out the excess up against the inner part of the bottle at the top.
You just take the Q-Tip and go around the umbilical cord.
You can kind of go a little bit in between the umbilical cord and where the skin is and he doesn't have an umbilical cord anymore but let's just pretend.
"Now, when you are dressing your newborn you want to go ahead and if you don't have special newborn diapers, go ahead and flip over the top so that the diapers aren't rubbing up against the umbilical cord and it's actually better if you just dress the baby in just diapers and a t-shirt so that they don't have something like over that area."
If you've had a computer for a while you've probably noticed it slowing down.
Hi I'm Charles Stewart Jr. and I'm going to tell you how to make your computer faster.
"So you'll want to go in and delete cookies or go into your disk clean up utility and run that and it'll clean up, delete files that you don't need anymore."
"Or just go in if you know you're not using folders or even programs, go in and delete those and that'll clear that off of there."
Especially stuff you're not using anymore.
The next thing would be to upgrade your RAM.
That's usually one of the cheapest and easiest things to do and you'll see a significant speed increase in your computer.
Because a lot of people don't realize that RAM does play a big part in the speed of your computer.
So obviously if you're buying a computer you don't want to skimp on the RAM.
Definitely get as much of that as you can afford.
And if you've had your computer for a while you can probably find RAM pretty cheap on the Internet.
So that's definitely another thing you can do.
One of the first things you can do just without buying anything is just to check and see your hard drive.
"And pretty much the last thing to do is if, you want to kind of keep as much stuff off off the hard drive that your operating system runs on."
"So maybe buying an external hard drive to keep your music and movies and whatever, your personal files on that."
"Or maybe buying another internal drive and installing it in your computer and keep that stuff on there which also helps as a safe guard in case that computer crashes one day you don't lose all that data, you can take it to another computer."
And those are just a few things to keep your computer running or make it run faster.
Make sure it's not too full.
The best way to do that is go to my computer and then click on your hard drive and it'll tell you right there what size it is and how much free space you have left.
If you don't have a lot of free space left then that's probably a big thing that's slowing down your computer right there.
Because files are stored all over the place on a hard drive.
It's not nice and neat like you would think sometimes.
"So the more stuff you have on there, and especially the bigger the hard drive is, the longer the computer has to take to find those files so with just everyday tasks."
So it definitely will slow down your computer.
Okay this one I'm going to make sure I use steel chopsticks.
Either is fine but it is a little variation so opponent grabs from behind.
"Usually when you grab something else is coming it could be a knife, a bottle or a punch."
So as I grab I have to shift my body position alright and I strike lower spot.
"Then I shift around using the chopsticks facing down 1, then back and 2."
Now real time.
Hi!
Can you apply mascara to your lash extensions?
"You may apply mascara, but never waterproof mascara."
Novalash offers a mascara formulated especially for lash extensions.
You may use your own mascara.
"However, if used everyday, certain ingredients in that mascara may help break down the adhesive bond."
"I actually wouldn't recommend using mascara at all, as it isn't needed."
"The adhesive is already black, as well as the synthetic lashes."
"The lashes are not only black, but also thick in diameter creating thick black lashes about the use of mascara."
"Hi this is Dow here at the Firehouse Detail Shop, today we're detailing the exterior of a car segment by segment, teaching you how to do it like a professional ."
We're to that stage right now where we want to talk about the all important waxing of the vehicle.
Talk to your detail specialist.
"Where we see a lot of cars and do a lot of waxes on a day to day basis, we've been very happy with this wax protectant we're about to use, and then the question is how you're going to apply it to the car."
"In a high end detail you don't, you want to be careful not to get it on the trim because the waxes and the silicones can actually discolor and maybe leave a white residue on the black trim."
So be cautious the way you do that.
You might even want to mask it off with tape or cover it.
"A couple methods, if you're going to do it by hand you can always use an applicator pad and simply put the wax on it and start, you know, start applying the wax to the car."
"Small little swirls is ok. You want to go back and forth. Not, we're not doing it like they did in the ""wax on wax off""."
You actually want to apply the wax back and forth in the way that the air flows over.
"So small swirls, that's kind of, that's for Hollywood."
Of course the cars has got to be clean.
"For a professional detailer you want to go back and forth the way air flows over the car, ok?"
Now we actually use an orbital buffer.
It's located right here.
"This orbital buffer, we simply apply some, we get it spinning, add a little product to it, and you'll go back and forth across the car like we talked about in the direction that air flows."
"What that does is it's using small vibrations movement, and it works the wax into the paint a little better than we can by hand, and it allows us to move a little faster over the car without compromising the quality."
"We can wax a car in a hand wax express, you know, in about ten minutes a vehicle this size by utilizing these tools."
"This one's run by air, there's also electric hand orbitals."
"They're inexpensive, you can get them from your professional detail supply shop, and they do a great job of applying the wax."
"Now we've got it on, we'll often work our way around the entire vehicle, give the time for the wax to be on there to bond, and then we just simply get a microfiber towel, come in, again same direction back to front, remove the wax, changing the towel and flipping it on a regular basis so you're wiping the car with a clean portion."
"If it had any kind of industrial fall out, we want to have all of that removed with the clay which we talked about in an earlier segment."
"We're staring now, kind of the pure paint, scratches have been removed, oxidation, one of the hardest things here is selecting the right product because there's so many available on the market."
"There is waxes with polymers, there's paint protections which are more expensive but which bond to the paint and actually will give you extended protection."
We use a wax protectant that we're confident lasts ninety to one hundred and twenty days.
"It bonds, it uses a combination of polymers and other things."
"You of course we've heard of the Carnauba waxes which are from a tree, they're organic, they do a wonderful job at shining up the car, they just don't have the lasting properties."
So find the wax that best suits you.
Today we are making pumpkin spice cupcakes with vanilla bean cream cheese icing.
You want it to be level because if you have more flour your cupcake will be dry so this gives you an accurate measurement.
Baking is really a science it makes a big difference if you have a teaspoon extra of flour or any other ingredient or to lessen one ingredient or too little of one ingredient.
I am also going to put another 3/4 cup of flour in here so it is a total of 1 and 3/4 cup of flour.
Now since I do not have a 3/4 cup measuring I am just going to eyeball it and that is 3/4 of a cup.
As you can see there is quite a bit left over here.
I originally scooped up 2 cups of flour from the sack and there is probably another cup left in here so had I measured it right out of the sack I would have a very dry cupcake.
Let's just put the bowl aside here and add the other dry ingredients.
First you are going to add one half teaspoon of baking soda and one half teaspoon of baking powder and one teaspoon of salt.
"We want to make sure that all of the salt, baking powder, and baking soda is really incorporated into the flour so that someone does not get just one bite of baking soda."
You can imagine how horrible that could be.
We are going to start by mixing the dry ingredients.
Now we are going to add our raisins and our walnuts and this is a little trick that we use at the bakery is to add the raisins and the walnuts instead of at the end is to add them with the flour mixture because then they get coated with a little bit of the flour mixture and it prevents them from sinking to the bottom of the cupcakes.
Let's see how that is all incorporated there.
We will start off by using all purpose flour.
I like to sift my flour before I even measure it.
"If you do not sift it first, you will have an inaccurate measurement."
Usually the flour gets compacted and you can see it when it has been sitting in the bag so it is always nice to just sift it in a big sifter over a bowl and then measure.
There we go.
Now my flour is nice and light.
I am going to be measure 1 and 3/4 cup and the way I measure is by just scooping into the measuring cup.
We're going to tell you how to make biodiesel from all the different types of oils that are out there.
"All of these things, I can make biodiesel out of."
It's very easy to do.
All I have to have is an organic oil to do it.
I'm going to show you how to do it a little bit later here.
But I wanted to show you that you can actually make biodiesel from all sorts of different oils.
Any kind of organic oil.
This is macadamia nut oil.
This is soy bean oil biodiesel.
"So, these are biodiesels that we've made."
This is olive oil based biodiesel.
Biodiesel can be made from all sorts of different things.
This is another macadamia nut.
This is waste vegetable oil.
This one is corn oil.
And this one is hemp seed oil.
We've just settled our oil.
I'm going to take my goggles off here and get back down to talking about how we make biodiesel.
"First of all, this is canola oil."
I just picked it up at a local grocery store.
This is vegetable oil.
"It's actually soy bean oil if you look on the back, the most common thing in the United States."
"This is corn oil and believe it or not, this is oil that came from french fries that were fried."
"Alright, there are basically two types of toilets."
"The toilet with the tank on it, that we all know and love and then the Lowboy, or often called a Tankless toilet."
"Giving us and with the toilet seat, putting it up to darn near the same height as a regular chair in the house."
So getting on and off the toilet is much more comfortable with the new toilets.
And we're just going to discuss how to repair this toilet.
"Here is a Case II, common in the Detroit area."
"It is a one piece toilet and there is a tank built in on it, but it's all one big piece of china."
"The lid and the seat are separate, but the toilet is one piece, it's got a standard flushing mechanism, but the flush valve that fills this is very complicated."
We're not going to go into that today.
"Now the one thing we can say about the tank, all toilets actually is that this particular one is an elongated bowl."
"It's a little bit longer, a little bit more comfortable for larger men."
"This and this toilet is only fifteen inches tall, the old standard height of a toilet."
"Now with us aging Baby Boomers coming along, our toilets now are seventeen inches high."
"This is the basics of massage etiquette, sensitivity to the client's mood."
"When you're seeing clients day in and day out, regardless of the time of day or the day of the week, everybody's leading their own life and you're never quite certain what a client may have just come from or what their mood may be in."
Whether it's the mood they woke up with that morning or something that's transpired at the office before they came to see you or something that occurred to them in the parking lot of your establishment as they're on their way in.
"It's for this reason that being sensitive to, being aware of the client's mood and being responsive to the client's mood is an essential part of making the entire therapeutic session more successful."
"Obviously, if you've got an established client that you have a rapport with, the type of thing that you can ask the client about, you can probably go a long way towards resolving whatever the mood issue might be or at least becoming more aware of it so that you can work your own actions during the therapy session into the context of whatever that person's mood is."
"With a client that you're less familiar with, do your best to understand what it is they're dealing with and where they're coming from and, again, work that therapeutically into the therapy session."
"And this is the basics of massage etiquette, client mood."
Hi!
"In next segment, we're going to discuss setting the water level on your washing machine itself."
I'm here showing you how to wash your jeans.
Right now I'll tell you how to load the washing machine.
You want to go ahead and add your detergent to the washing machine first.
"You always want to put your detergent in first, then go ahead, and put your jeans in."
Be careful not to stuff them into the washing machine.
"You need a little bit of space between things in order for the stuff to get through, the water and the soap to really get in there and wash it."
It's never a good idea to stuff your clothes in the washing machine.
That covers loading your washing machine.
"Hi, this is Sean Hobson."
Right now we're talking about how to play good man-to-man defense and what your responsibilities are in the man-to-man defense.
"And we want him to take his hands and point: man, ball."
"And this way, when the ball skips back, he can quickly close to his man or if the ball goes back here, he could go back into deny."
"But in this position, we call this ""help side"" defense."
Now he can help if this guy drives or he can help if the ball comes from the opposite wing.
"So, we've got on the ball, we've got deny and now we've talked about help side defense."
"First of all, we've seen that when the ball is at the man that you're assigned, then you're going to be in man-to-man, or ""on the ball"" defense."
"So right now, his man has the ball, so Kyle is going to be on the ball in defense."
So go ahead and get in a good defensive stance.
"Now, as the ball moves, his assignments are going to change."
"One pass away, we know that he is now in deny."
"What we want to focus on in this clip is something called ""help side"" defense."
"If he is not on the ball and if he is not one pass away, he doesn't have to worry about that man passing the ball back, as the ball moves to the next guy, he no longer has to be concerned necessarily about what the ball is going to do with his man."
"Instead, what he's going to do now is, he is going drop off to where he can look outside and he can see both his man and the ball."
"Ninety percent of the people who develop diabetes, develop type two diabetes."
Type two diabetes is characterized by high blood sugars.
"But, the third and fourth reason are probably the most important."
"Because, we have an epidemic of diabetes in this country and it's very much related to the epidemic of obesity."
"And, so the third and fourth reason are overweight and not moving enough."
"And, so those are the four reasons why someone might develop type two diabetes."
"Now, when someone does develop type two diabetes they generally notice they're feeling very tired, less energy, sleepy a lot."
Those are probably the overriding symptoms when you first develop type two diabetes.
"And, the reason is because when the blood sugar is high in the bloodstream it effects the nervous system and makes you feel kind of like you've taken a tranquilizer."
"Generally, not quite as high as type one during diagnoses."
"But, high enough that we can say the person has diabetes."
It comes on because of four major factors.
Number one is genetics.
Most people who have type two diabetes have a family history of problems with maintaining normal blood sugars.
The second is age.
"No one gets to age ninety with perfect, what we call cell receptor function in terms of insulin."
"And, so there is a decrease in our ability to use insulin effectively as we get older."
"Hello, I'm Kyle Brayer, and your next in-home tricep exercise will be the tricep drop set."
This can be performed standing or seated in a kitchen chair or bench.
"She's going to bring that weight up and over her head, back down to her thighs safely."
"Okay, Karie, here you go, and I'll trade you with the medicine ball."
So she's going from 10 lbs.
"to 5 lbs., and now she's going to perform the same exercise up and over her head."
She's going to do the same thing until she fatigues.
"So she's really working the triceps right now, and since we're doing so many repetitions and we're dropping the weight, we're adding a lot of blood and amino acids into those muscles that will help fatigue them."
"There you go, Karie, and then last we'll give her a 3 lb."
medicine ball.
"So as you start out, 3 different weights is a good way to start."
"As you progress, you can actually, from the gym start at like the 25s and work your way all the way down to the 5 lb."
dumbbells.
"As you get more advanced you can play with the weights and start heavier, start lighter."
"The idea is when she's done with these she'll almost reach failure, so she'll be pressing until she can no longer press the weight anymore."
That's good.
So this an overhead tricep drop set.
"Karie's going to start with a 10 lb. dumbbell here. She's going to pick it up over her head, just as she did on the overhead tricep extensions."
"The exercise here is to fatigue the triceps, so the idea is to get as many repetitions as possible."
"So Karie will start with these 10 lbs., keeping perfect form, she's going to go up and over her head."
"As she starts to fatigue, as she starts to get tired we're going to be looking at this 5 lb. medicine ball."
So let's say that she does 6 or 7 repetitions and she starts to fatigue.
Do you ever find yourself looking for different ways to entertain yourself?
"Hi, my name is Dean Hale, I'm going to tell you a little bit about how to play dice."
"It is the top number how you count the dice, you would not look at anything from the sides, it would actually be the top."
"Most people understand that, but just to make sure, you are counting the top dice."
"When you roll your dice, you have to take them in your hand and move them around so everybody knows you're not just putting down a number and turning it over."
"So you would roll your dice, shake them in your hand, and then roll them and whatever the number came up with, or whatever game you were playing, that's how it would be used."
Now you can be created when you're playing dice.
You can come up with any kind of different games.
"You can do something with your children, help them learn how to count, you could say, roll the dice and ask your daughter what's two plus two."
"You could have her say four, and an easy way is have her count the pips on the dice and that could be a fun way to do some learning at home."
"There's many different things you can do with dice, I suggest you go out there, use your imagination, and have a good time."
"My name is Dean Hale, and I've just taught you how to play dice."
"Dice is a pretty old game, and it's been played throughout the ages."
"You can play it in many different forms and fashions, sometimes you use the dice to play board games, sometimes you use it at casinos to play what they call craps."
"You could use the dice in various fashions, six could actually be a six."
It could also correspond to something on a board or the game you're playing that may mean something else.
"You could the numbers, and if you're trying to make a poker hand, for example, you could have the one, count as an ace."
"A two as a two, you could try to make straights, you could try to make full houses, a full house is something where you have let's say, two sixes, along with three fives."
That would be fives over sixes and you could have that with dice also.
"Dice are typically square shaped, six sided, and as you roll them, they'll come out and the numbers will come out on the top."
"In this clip, I will keep introducing to you other steps of the dance Ruchenitza."
The one which is called scissoring.
"One, two, three, one, two, three, one, two, three, one, two, three, one, two, three, one, two, three, one, two, three, one, two, three, one, two, three, one, two, three."
"Now we will combine the basic movement, the cross step and the scissoring."
"One, two, three, one, two, three, one, two, three, one, two, three, one, two, three, one, two, three, one, two, three, one, two, three."
"The legs are moving forward, sliding, with the same count."
"Three, one, two, three, one, two, three, one, two, three, one, two, three."
We can walk forward or in place or backwards.
We can move sideways.
"Three, one, two, three."
But always keep the bouncing.
"Two, three, one, two, three, one, two, three."
The tempo goes different.
"Hi, I'm Hunter from the Austin Aqua Dome."
Changing some of the water in your aquarium is an important task that should be done at least monthly to semi-monthly.
"After you've drained a half of the water out of the tank with your siphon hose, you want to use a good brand of dechlorinator, that takes out both, chlorine and chloramines."
"Add the recommended of drops per gallon, and then fill the tank back up with tap water."
"For salt water tanks, you want to have a bucket or a trash can that you use just for the purpose of mixing up new salt water."
Get the water in the bucket to the concentration and salinity of the water that's in the tank.
"After you drained the salt water down, refill it with the water that you've mixed up in the bucket."
"Either way, it's a good idea to test the water that you're adding in to make sure that it's about the same temperature of the water that's in the tank."
Do you like to play board games?
"Hi, my name is Dean Hale and I'm going to teach you how to get out of jail in Monopoly."
"So you would take the dice and you would just simply roll them, if you didn't get a double on your first roll, you would wait until your turn comes around again, you'd pick them up and you'd throw again."
"You get two more tries, actually one more try to roll a double and then you can get out of jail."
"If not, on the third try, after you do that you would get out the time after that."
"Getting out of jail is important because you want to be able to buy a property or maybe you're running low on money and you don't want to land on somebody's property that's right after the jail, so you might want to stay in jail for a while."
Rolling the dice might be the best way to do that.
"See if I'm in, I'm out of jail, two sixes."
"My name is Dean Hale, have fun playing Monopoly."
Getting in to jail happens when you roll a two of a kind three times.
How do you get out?
There's three ways to do that.
"You can pay money, you can roll three times, or you can simply roll a double."
"That's rolling two sixes, two fives and so on."
Why is it important to get out of jail?
Well you don't want to be in jail while other people are buying up property and making all the money.
You want to get out of jail so you can start playing Monopoly yourself.
"Now that I have used my wooden spoon, and I have pressed over all the surface that I want to print, I'm going to take a peek."
"Just by keeping my hand on the print, I'm going to pull it back to see how it's going, and I can see that I'm getting a pretty good impression."
"So I'm going to pull my print off, and here we have my image."
Now here we can see one of the most important things about print making to remember is that it is a mirror image.
"My block of wood next to my print gives you a really clear idea of that mirror image, and in this print in particular, since there is text, although it is in Italian, you can see how carving it in the mirror image is going to be very important for its final."
"Because this paper is very fibrous, you can see the fibers, it's picking up all of those details."
These are elements that you can use to help enhance your print.
"If you want a more clean line, then you're going to want to use a paper that has less fibers, and is and is has a more clean surface."
"In this particular piece of paper, it is very textured, and it's transferring that texture into my print."
O.k.
"now one thing to keep in mind here is, if you wanted to go just with gold fish you wouldn't need the heater, o.k."
"And, as you can see they're kind of spread out here so they're using the plants."
"And, and of course you?re, your tropical fish pet person will help you with that too."
"As far as selection of fish, that's where you might want to again rely on the, your pet shop expert."
"Obviously, you're going to want some, some color, but just because a fish is colorful doesn't mean you can mix them, obviously you can't mix Piranha with Tetras."
"If you're going to go with Piranha with is a carnivorous fish, you're going to want to stay with only Piranhas."
"There's a lot of basic community fish, Molly's, Sword tails, Guppies, Neons, these are small colorful fish that get along well with each other and do fine in a tank together."
"For the more serious hobbyist, you might want to go with Cichlids, if you go with Cichlids, you've got to stay with only Cichlids."
"You can't mix Cichlids with gold fish or Cichlids with these, these community type of tropical fish."
"If you go with South African Cichlids, you want to stay with South African, you don't want to mix them with South American Cichlids."
"The, the, the African Cichlids are a more aggressive fish."
"Those are, gold fish are cold water fish, their very, basically, glorified carp and you could, you wouldn't want a heater."
"These are the kind of things that you should talk to your pet shop, tropical fish expert about, he'll know these things."
"And, you can go from."
"However, if you go with tropical fish you're going to want to be a little more careful because they?re not as durable as gold fish."
"Now, as far as number of fish, to go with, a good rule of thumb is one, one inch of fish per gallon."
"So, in other words, in a, in a, in a tank that's a ten gallon tank like this, about ten inches of fish."
"You can break that down, you know, ten one inch fish or, or five two inch fish."
"Now obviously if you get a ten inch fish, yeah he could live in here but, you get to a ten inch fish Oscar, something like that, you're going to want to go with a bigger tank, cause that's not going to be really fair to the fish to go with a ten inch fish in this, this, this small of a tank, wouldn't be fair to, to, the fish and you wouldn't enjoy it either."
"So, so that's what we're looking at here as far as fish."
"Obviously if you get a much bigger filter, you could probably fit more, more fish in there but for, for what we're doing here, basic, small, appropriate filter, bout, bout ten inches of fish in this tank."
The last thing I want to touch on -- and I like to touch on this with any reptile -- is listening to your reptile.
I know -- he's not talking to me.
"So, if he's acting a little bit listless, or if he's not necessarily as active as he should be, or if he's spending too much time in one area of the enclosure, we need to take a critical eye to why that this is happening."
"It's very important that we very carefully observe him in his captive environment, because you are essentially his God."
You have control over everything and you have to make sure that you're doing the right thing for him.
He is your responsibility.
It is just like having a child.
"So, make sure you're listening to your reptile, as it is part of the fun of keeping a reptile, as well as important for his overall health and care."
I can't hear him.
"He doesn't speak, but he does talk to me in other ways."
He talks to me in his behavior.
"He talks to me in how he moves, what he does on a daily basis."
"You want to make sure that you're spending the time to watch this animal in his enclosure, as well as outside of the enclosure in your hand on a daily basis."
And just kind of check out to see what he's doing.
"If he's doing any one thing particular that seems out of the ordinary, make sure you look into that."
These behavioral cues can be important in identifying problems in husbandry before they become life threatening for the animal.
There are quite a few different ways to make a key but there are only a couple basically that locksmiths are usually commonly.
This machine actually traces the existing key and makes your new one.
"So what you do is insert your existing key in and make sure it is tight, up against the stops, lock it down, we've got our new key in already and you just turn the machine on."
Now this is a fully manual machine.
They actually have a automatic version that you can buy.
I prefer to have the control of full manualism.
"Once you've got the first cut you back trace it so you don't miss anything and pop your key out, do a quick little cleaning on the airbrush there and voila, you have an exact duplicate of your original key."
The first one we are going to cover is going to be the code machine.
This is what they call a punch down machine.
It is a real simple system.
You insert your key there.
You set your code on the bar now and in this case the key we are cutting are going to be all 6's so I won't have to change anything.
You just punch it down.
Each time you punch it down it is cutting a notch in the key and that is giving you your actual key code and here you can see it is 6's all the way across.
The second more common way of cutting a key is just a standard duplicating machine.
Hi.
"I'm Michael Seto, professional photographer, and in this clip we're going to talk about selecting and using a tripod for jewelry photography."
It's a nice sturdy tripod.
It's something that a lot of professionals use.
"As well, instead of just the standard head on this, this is more of a video head, I use a ball head."
This one is made by Really Right Stuff.
"They make some fantastic, very high quality ball heads, probably the Cadillac of ball heads and you really need one of these to, to be able to take a good shot of a piece of jewelry."
"So tripod is important, a nice heavy-duty tripod with the good head is a key to a stable camera when doing jewelry photography."
"First of all, when you're shooting jewelry, which is a macro type situation, meaning you're shooting up close, you absolutely need a tripod."
"There is no way you're going to be able to shoot something like that and get a very clear and sharp photo without using a tripod, just because you're very close to the subject, any movement will be magnified in the photograph."
"As well, you tend to shoot with a slower shutter speed so that also exacerbates any movement."
So let's look at a couple of tripods here.
"You can go with a very basic small travel tripod, these are fairly economical."
They come with a little quick detach mechanism that fits on the bottom of your camera.
"These will do the job in a pinch, but they're fairly light weight, they will not be as stable as a more heavy-duty tripod like this one."
This is a Manfrotto 055.
Do you play spades?
Do you want to learn some different ways to play spades?
If you get a successful nil bid that's worth a hundred points.
An unsuccessful nil bid is worth negative one hundred points.
Each time you get your trick you're going to be ten; if you called four it's ten times four.
You're going to get forty points.
If you don't make it you're going to get points deducted.
"So, in suicide spades the thing is you're going to be having a nil bid in the hand each time, which is obviously going to put a lot of pressure on both teams."
"You're going to play to an agreed upon score, and the first team to get that score wins."
My name is Dean Hale.
"Enjoy your new form of spades, suicide spades."
"Hi, my name is Dean Hale, and I'm going to teach you a game called suicide spades."
The cards are dealt out in the same fashion as a normal spades game would be; thirteen cards for each player.
The difference in this game is you have to bid either nil or at least four tricks.
"The first person, the first partnership would bid either nil or four."
The second person can bid the same.
"They can bid the same as the, as their partner took, or they can make the other bid."
"If I bid four and my partner also bids four they get to be the four and I have to be the nil, so you're going to be opposite what your partner does."
The other players are going to do the same thing.
The blue triangle right here represents the milk category.
"If you're looking at things like processed cheese, one slice is enough for one cup."
"Things like American, and mozzarella, things like that."
"Or a half an ounce of hard cheese, things like cheddar, swiss, mozzarella, things that come in like the little logs of cheese."
And that's what we have on milk.
Now milk is essential for growth of teeth and bones.
The recommended allowance for children ages four to five is two to three cups.
"Now, once over two, children can safely switch from vitamin D whole milk to things like reduced fat or even skim milk."
As long as they're healthy and staying in good physically active conditions.
"Now, many parents are giving their kids soda, and tea, and fruit juices, and forgetting how important milk is."
"Good habits must start young, and they also start with you."
"If kids see you drinking milk, they're going to drink milk, and they're going to put down the soda."
"Now, one cup of milk is obviously one cup of milk, or a cup of yogurt counts also."
"Ok, the next barrier to communication, is really about words, but sometimes words can also be used in message distractions, and what message distractions are, you see it a whole lot on college campuses with tests, and that's putting down words, and you have to give the right answers to these words."
"Well, words can mean a lot of different things, to a lot of different people, so if a word is spoken, or said, or used in a certain context that you don't know, all of the sudden you've got a barrier to communication."
"Something else that can happen, is if words are used very gender specific."
"Like if you are at a meeting, and someone starts talking about the chairman."
"Well, maybe you're actually the chairman, and you're a woman."
"All of the sudden that word becomes a distracting barrier to communication, because you're thinking about the fact, well, wait a minute, I'm not a man."
"I'm a chairwoman, or chairperson, so the semantics of words and how they're used, and the context in which they're used, and the expectation of what should become of them."
Words can create a huge barrier to communication.
I'm going to talk about how an umbrella light is used in photography.
Now an umbrella is exactly like it sounds.
They usually go in a plastic case or sleeving and that is it.
"I keep them in my studio, I try not to forget them when I go on location and that is how I use an umbrella."
"It is an umbrella that opens up, comes out like a parachute and the way I use it most often is in the studio whereas I take my umbrella, there is a strobe unit that I have and there is a small little slot, a hole that I am going to use the base of that umbrella, the stand and I am going to slide it into the hole and I'm going to face it towards the strobe so the strobe is going to fire, it is going to hit the umbrella and then bounce back in a way so that I can diffuse my lighting."
Now I don't want to use a raw strobe on someone because it might be a little bit too harsh so that is when I'll use my umbrella and I can position my umbrella in a certain way that I can actually control my lighting a bit more than if I am just using a raw strobe or a diffuser so that is how that I like to use umbrellas.
"There are different sized ones, there are big ones, there are also different prices."
There are some that cost $20 and there are some that can cost easily upwards of 150 to 200 bucks.
There are also different colors.
"You might have a white, a silver, or a gold for a warming effect on these on whatever you are photographing."
"I want to always be a little bit careful with my umbrellas, I want to make sure that I open them up carefully, close them down carefully because the ribbing on them can easily rip and I always want to treat them nicely so I don't have to go out and buy another umbrella if I haven't handled it correctly."
They also fold back up.
"Hi, I'm Ty Brown, with dogbehavioronline.com."
"I'm here today in Riverton, Utah, teaching you how to train a dog."
"As the dog progresses in this training you make the searches longer, you make them harder, you put up more obstacles, and soon the dog starts to realize if I really want to find this person I have to use all of my senses."
"I have to listen for him, I have to smell him, I have to look for him."
"And so in this way, you have a dog that's very, that uses all of his skills and all of his senses in order to find people."
"As the dog progresses in this, then you take it out for real, and you go out into the woods, and you have people hide, and you give the dog the scent of that person and encourage the dog to find them."
"When the dog finds that person, you've already set that person up with maybe some treats, or maybe a ball if the dog really enjoys the ball, or some other reward that's very motivating for that dog."
"Over time, the dog will start to understand the scent of this person mixed with me going out and finding him ends up with a fun game and a fun reward."
"And so that's how you train a dog, a rescue dog."
The topic of today's discussion is teaching you how to train for a rescue dog.
"Now, a rescue dog serves a very, a very useful purpose."
"People get lost all the time out in the woods or out in the open, and can't find their way back."
"They may be injured or something like that, and so the rescue dog serves a very important function of finding lost hikers, finding lost travelers, finding lost people that have, that have lost their way."
"Now, you can actually start training a rescue dog from a very young age."
From the time the dog is a puppy you can even make it much of a game.
You can have someone hold the dog while you the dog owner run off and just hide around a corner.
"You release the dog as you give the dog, as you give the command to search, and when the dog finds you he gets tons of praise, and and it's just this big game."
"Alright now that we've planted the seed, we want to take the rake here, make sure there's no weeds still hanging out in the bed after moving the dirt around a little bit."
"We want to get rid of the weeds, so we can tell the difference between the lettuce that comes up."
We don't want to have any weeds in the way.
We'll pull a few more of these weeds out of the way and were going to rake it in.
"Now with lettuce it doesn't like to be covered up with dirt too much, just wants to be raked in."
These rows here that I've put in rows we're just to lightly rake around just to get some dirt over top of them.
"Lettuce seeds need light in order to germinate, so we don't want to cover them up."
Now once we rake it.
We're just going to take the rake and secure the dirt a little bit there nice and packed down.
Alright there we go
"In this clip, we're going to go over basic kite maintenance and, you know, how to take care of your kite, make sure that it's in proper working order at all times."
"One thing that can happen now with these new found or these new age kites, you know, there's a lot of advancements that make things a lot more user-friendly, a lot more forgiving."
"Different companies use specific styles for, you know, their inflation systems."
The new age kites are all one pump systems.
"So, if you can get a kite where you're going to put it on and inflate it all from a single point, it will inflate all these struts, including your leading edge all from right here."
"Other kites are, you know, new wholesale kites are going to have separate, you know, inflation points for each one here."
"And, you know, that can be cool because you're making sure that you isolate air from every compartment, but it's definitely going to add a couple of extra seconds on to your, you know, sort of start-up time when you're trying to get into it."
"So, if you don't have very much time, you just like, you know you're taking a lunch break and you want to get out and have a session, a newer kite with a one pump system is going to help you out."
Things like bridles which are attached to the leading edge right here.
"You know, they're really good, they help with re-launchabiity, they give you a much larger wind range but, at the same time, it's one extra thing if it goes wrong and breaks on you, it can send you into what's called a like a death loop, where your kite just looping, looping, looping and taking you for a ride."
So making sure these things are in proper working order at all times is definitely going to help you in the long run.
"So pretty much every time you go in and out for a session, you want to check your kite and go over everything."
"This is a bow-style kite from Cabrinha, it's a light wind specific kite so you know it's a larger meterage kite."
"Inside here, there's actually bladders that are basically going to hold all the air for you."
"These bladders can, you know, pretty much get pinholes any sort of tear any sort of rupture, the glue can come apart and can give you a pretty tough time trying to get them back together."
"So, you know the more you maintain your kite, the more you upkeep it, the happier you're going to be."
"Now we are seeing videos, but before any video, there's pre-production."
What is pre-production for a music video?
"And far as in mind, you know, the budget, that you're allowed to spend with, you know, whether how much money can be used in shooting this video."
Casting forward; who do we want in this video?
"Where do we want, where do we want go?"
What kind of feel do we want for it?
All of these things are the things that take place before video takes place.
"You know, before anything comes to bout, it always starts as an idea and that basically what pre-production of a video is."
"So next time you're watching that video, or maybe you're thinking about making your video, just remember the most important thing of a video is the pre-production of a video."
Peace!
"Well, that's all the effort, time, energy and planning that goes into making that video."
"You know, your thoughts on where we're going to shoot this video?"
How are we going to shoot it?
What's going to be the location?
What type of things do we want to use?
"As far as, what type of props will we use?"
"Backdrops, lighting, will there be a day video, night video?"
"Are we going to use a story line, guideline, these type of things."
In this segment I'm going to discuss fun terms to use with your child when potty training.
"Some good terms to use are: let's go have fun in the potty, or let's go pee pee or wee wee in the potty."
Use language that they use.
Get down on their level.
Talk like you're a 3 year old if you're going through potty training.
It makes it more fun for your child and they get really into it when they're potty training.
"Some words you don't want to use though are: icky, smelly, negative words."
"Because everyone poops in the potty and you want to make that clear to your child that it's a normal thing that mommy and daddy do, that your brother does or your sister, everyone does it it's normal."
"Let's take our extra hips, add them to our Egyptian walk and then travel with them, forward and back."
So let's start with our basic so we're going to step on the right foot.
Step now remember your actually the up the down and the out. Up down out. Up down step. Up down step.
"Good. Up down step. Up down step. Up down step. Try it a little faster and step. Up down. One, two, three, four."
Left hip goes up and drop.
"One, two, three, four."
You can travel forward and back.
Good so practice going back and forth.
Good.
Keep the feet together.
"One, two, three, four."
"One, two, three, four."
Step up drop.
"One, two, three, four."
"One, two, three, four."
"One, two, three."
Good.
Step up drop.
Good.
"Now remember as we travel, you want to make sure you keep your feet together."
"So it's step together, lift drop. Step together, lift drop. Step together, lift drop. Step together, lift drop. Backwards, same thing."
Hey guys.
"We're here today learning how to play some fun new improv warm-ups for your improv team, and the next warm-up that Dan B. and I are going to show you is a warm-up called Robot."
"(Beeps, robot noise.)"
And that's how you play Robot.
"Now to play Robot, you're going to have your team partner up into pairs of two."
Each pair is then going to take turns getting up on stage.
One person is going to stand right there on the front of the stage and the other person is either going to be off to the side of the stage or down below so that he's off stage or off frame.
"The person, actor who is down below is going to make a bunch of crazy noises that they think a robot would make, and the player that's on stage has to physically move and justify the noises that are being made."
"The crazier and the more off the wall you can get with your noises, the more fun and the more challenging it's going to be for the actor that is on stage."
"So for this example I think Dan is going to make some noises, and I'm going to try to justify them with my body language as a robot would."
Alright.
I'm going to start off with a blank slate.
"Before you go out on whitewater adventure and your paddling with your buddies you want to make sure that you know where your going, now where it's safe to go and don't paddle out of your experience."
Paddle anything that's above your experience typically the rivers in the US in the United States a lot of them are listed in guide books so you can pick them up at local paddling shops is great.
"A couple of websites one of them is americanwhitewater.org that has a national river data base you can get river list things and you can also get, some of them have online gage sources so you can tell if a river is running high or low and if its appropriate for you to run."
"I know this river very well I've grown up on it and paddled it for the last 7 years and I can tell you rather the water is low or high, it's great to have somebody who is local who knows the river and who knows the ends and outs of every section of the river that they would like to run, cause that helps with your day."
Im showing you how to fold clothing to put into a suitcase today and Ill grab another one of these outfits that we did previously fold and show you there are different ways to fold these things.
"This is a nice dress here, its kind of a jersey material."
"Im grabbing it at the waist, and Im, if youll look, youll see this is the front skirt area and on this side, is the bodice and a sleeve and Im just going to fold it at the waist, back towards the back side."
"And heres a sleeve, you can see the front here, kinda wraps around the back part of it, and what Im trying to do here is just straighten out the sleeves a bit so I know where everything is, I know if its got creases or not and Im going to fold it on top of itself and tuck these arms in just a little bit so that theyre not sticking out."
"And here we have one way to fold this garment; if your suitcase needs something a little thin and small on one side, just fold it in half."
"All right, in our next segment Ill be showing you how to fold another garment that were going to try and put into our suitcase and keep it wrinkle free and small enough so we fit more stuff in there."
"If you got a camera that's got a built-in flash like this, you notice that most of the portraits that you take or most of the pictures that you end up taking that use the flash end up with peoples faces that are recognizable but they certainly don't come up to professional standards of quality in terms of a portrait."
There's something very different about a portrait when you're taking a picture and you're using the light on the flash.
"You've all seen the ugly pictures that the police get for your driver's licenses and the reason that those pictures are so ugly is because the camera flash or the flash is set right on the camera near the lens and the closer you get that flash to the lens the flatter the light is and the less flattering it is to anybody that's being, having their picture taken."
"So as you move toward more professional pictures, one of the first things that a lot of photographers will do is they will move the flash off the camera using a portable flash unit such as this one that will plug into the camera and then it allows you to move the light where you want to."
"But this is another piece of professional gear, most people do not have this kind of external things if you're amateurs so we're going to look at other kinds of lighting units that will allow you to accomplish the same thing, get professional results without investing a lot of money."
So there are some obvious things that you need to keep in mind when you're doing stretches.
"If it is particularly buggy out for instance, there are lots of flies around your horse is not going to tolerate real well having you pick up a leg, hold it stretch forward like that for any length of time."
So be aware of that.
"Make sure that your horse is not in a cranky sort of a mood if you are doing that, if their muscles are tight or if they are tired it's going to be harder for them to do the stretches and ultimately you want these to be a benefit to your horse."
You don't want to be causing your horse injury or discomfort or cause a horse to resent you for the work that you are trying to do for them.
So pay attention to how your horse is feeling.
"Pay attention to what your horse is telling you, pay attention to their attitude and make sure that you are in a frame of mind to do the work with your horse effectively without getting distracted or just not being present in the work that you are doing."
Hello have you ever tried to or perhaps are contemplating how to plan an amicable divorce?
That for sure is the ideal divorce.
My name is Dr. Felicia and I'd like to share a few tips with you about planning that divorce.
The first thing that would happen is of course for it to be amicable is both persons would have to agree that they want the divorce.
"Now that may happen overtime, it could happen early on in the marriage or later in the marriage depending on the couple."
"But the thing is to bridge the topic of divorce gradually, slowly, let them know that you're not happy about certain things, let the other party know that you'd like to talk about it, if you can't talk about it and reach a resolution, then you'd like to make an amicable divorce so that, or separation so that you both have certain things that you need."
"The best way to make it amicable is to be fair, not to be greedy to allow for equal acquisition, disposition of your assets and to help each other perhaps through the transition period."
That's the ideal method of making an amicable divorce.
"If you can do that and communicate like that, you're ahead of many couples."
"I do wish you good luck, Dr. Felicia signing off."
"In this clip, I'm going to show you how to cut the throat out of the fish."
Okay?
"These backbones are loaded with meat, flavor, they make great chowder, gumbo, or you can just cook it up and pick the meat off with a fork."
"There's a lot of good meat on here, a lot of good flavor and we don't want to waste anything."
Chefs love these.
You could leave the backbone on.
We try not to waste any of the fish.
"Usually, in the fish business, you paid for the whole fish."
"You've paid for everything you see here, so you don't want to throw anything away that you can resell, that someone can eat."
"Once again, a natural resource."
We're going to; you want to break the backbone.
"Okay, we're going to twist, grab the head and the backbone; we're going to twist the head and break the backbone and pull it off the head."
We're going to take this backbone and we're going to resell it to a seafood market.
"Step two, what we're going to do here is pick the right quality of paper for our drawing."
So I found that this is the best paper to use for the thing I'm going to be using today.
Now there's a lot of different paper you can use.
I've drawn thousands of drawings on napkins.
"You can on any kind of paper that will hold ink, you can use."
"But I found the best paper for my drawings is just plain old--paper I use for my computer to print out with--your plain white sheet of paper, and I've had more results with that."
"Now, onion-skin paper holds ink really well, but it doesn't work great for coloring on paper."
So this here holds colored ink really well.
"Also I have colored pencils I use, but I find that the ink works better with the pencils than the pencils on paper."
"Because you always have to keep sharpening your pencils, and then they break and it smears off and it makes it hard."
Hi.
"So to further mark with chalk I would just, like I made my marks an inch and a half apart."
So you just run your chalk like that.
"It's a chalk that's got a little, you can hardly see it but it's a little tracing wheel."
And I'll come down another inch and a half and we'll trace again.
You will sew on those chalk lines and then you can just rub and the chalk will come off.
This is what you'd use on dark fabric.
On this fabric I am going to use the blue side and I'm just going to start in the center here and I'm just going to draw a blue line.
It's going to scare you at first because you're going to see this blue.
And then I'm going to move over and I'm going to mark this one every two inches.
And I just keep marking it.
If you want to do lines there's two ways to mark them.
And when I'm done with sewing these channels all I have to do is spray it with water and it will just disappear.
It's called mark be gone.
I could use the purple side which will show up a little bit more and by morning that purple mark will have just disappeared.
So that's two ways.
You can even take your marks and go across this way two inches and then when you quilt you'll be showing a square.
So there's so many different ways you can quilt.
And then you can call yourself a quilter.
You can do them with chalk or with a quilt marker.
If you use the blue side it will stay on until you sprits it with water and then it will disappear.
So it's a great marking tool for you.
Now if we were using chalk?
That's when I would use it.
On this black.
Because I could not see.
"Today we're going to be learning how to play Portal, a game by Valve Software, a company with which I have no affiliation."
"We can see the orange portal is above us, so if we walk through we just fall down."
But maybe if we jump through the blue portal it'll carry us through and it'll launch us out of the orange one to get enough distance to go up these stairs.
Let?s see if that works.
All right here we are going into test chamber 10.
You can see there are some stairs here.
The voice that's talking to me is having some glitches right now.
"That's another sign that things aren't well in the world of Portal and that even in the world where things aren't what they seem, things even still, aren't what they seem."
"So, here's our orange exit portal and here are the stairs."
"We can't jump up there, we can't jump high enough."
We need to find a way to use the portals to get us there.
One thing we can do is make a blue portal here and look out of it.
Let's try a Belly Pop.
"We're going to start doing it in place, so our feet are going to be slightly apart, and one foot a little bit in front of the other one."
"So it's going to go, front and back, and front and back."
And we're going to accent front and back.
"So push that bell out on the front, pull it in on the back."
"Push, pull in, push, pull in."
Good.
Push.
A little faster.
"And push, pull in; push, pull in."
Good.
Rocking front and back.
"Our knees are going to be soft, and the motion is going to come from our belly."
"Front, back; front, back; front, back."
Other side.
"Front, back; front, back; front, back."
Good.
Make sure you keep that chest lifted so that all the motion is coming from right here.
So that way they can see what your body is doing.
Practice that in the mirror and make sure everything is in the right place.
We're actually going to use these muscles here and push it out.
So you want to be careful not to tilt this too much.
Okay.
You want to keep your posture nice and long and lifted.
So make sure your chest is lifted and your shoulders are relaxed.
We're going to be rocking our feet by shifting our weight front and back.
So let's start with the feet.
In this clip we are going to talk about some of the features of recreational style boats.
As you can see this boat has got a really large open cockpit so her feet are the only thing that are covered and if she wants to pull her feet out of the cockpit and stretch out that is easy enough to do.
If she slips this boat there is now way she is going to get trapped in the boat.
"You can see it is wide boat so it gets a lot of stability from its width, a large open cockpit, low center of gravity, really builds a lot of stability and a lot of confidence in the paddler that the boat won't flip."
"This particular boat has a dry storage compartment in the front and one in the stern as well and a dry storage compartment on these type of boats is really you know a very handy thing for those few hours out, you can take lunch, paddle out to an island if you are down on the river, you can take some extra clothing, whatever you want to take it gives you that option but to me more importantly it gives you flotation in the bow and the stern so if the worst thing were to happen and you fall out of the boat and the boat fills with water it is not going to sink with that flotation in it."
These boats typically have grab handles on the front and rear and those are to carry the boat but also if you are out swimming you have got some place to attach yourself and pull the boat around.
"It is very easy to get back and forth and in and out of the boat and these type boats like the sit on tops have a very substantial seat so there is a ton of support so really a large variety of boats, body types, ages, what have you will have a great time with a boat like this and like all the other boats, adjustable foot pegs."
The golden rectangle has been used by artists and architects for centuries.
The Parthenon is built upon the golden rectangle.
"The beauty of the golden rectangle, is that if you take the golden rectangle section, here is a golden rectangle section, and you draw a square, out of that golden rectangle section, what you end up with is a golden rectangle here, a square here and, surprisingly enough, another golden rectangle, right here."
"You can divide this space up into fives and eights and squares and you'll end up with a whole series of rectangles, that are golden rectangle sections, and squares."
"Squares and golden rectangles section and everywhere you go, you'll end up with a square and a golden rectangle."
"Those positions are all where the eye, naturally, will go, if it's allowed to, that's where it finds rest."
"It finds rest there, primarily, because of the fact that our selves divide that way."
"When a flower grows, it grows in a spiral."
"The shell spiral of a nodelist, is due to that growth rate, so it's somehow built into us, to like that ratio and when artists discovered it, when they started painting and when they started doing things like building buildings, they discovered that that was a very perfect shape and established good composition that people naturally liked."
"I tend to build any structure, whether it's a still life or whether it's a portrait, and use the golden rectangle as a guideline, as a place to start, rather than just breaking things down into simple halves."
"In fact, an eight and a half by eleven sheet of paper, is, basically, based upon the golden rectangle."
The golden rectangle comes from mathematics.
It comes from the Fibonacci series of numbers.
"Fibonacci series of numbers is one, two, three, five, eight, thirteen, twenty-one, and so on."
"If you take the first number and add it to the second number, it gives you the third number, add those two together, it gives you the next number, add those two together, it gives you the next number."
"What you end up with is a ratio of one point six, approximately, to one."
"One point six, to one."
We're actually going to cut this so that it's there.
"Five to three or eight to five, therein, lies the golden rectangle."
Before an audition you are usually sitting in the waiting room and the waiting room is one of the best places to be sabotaged for your audition.
You do not want to sabotaged before your audition.
"The other actors in the waiting room and as I always tell my students when I teach, they're not your friends."
"They also are looking for the same part as you are, so it's important that before the audition, you do not socialize in that waiting room."
"You must focus on your dialogue, focus on your dialogue, focus on your dialogue!"
"After the audition if somebody wants to talk to you, you're more than welcomed to go downstairs, out in the parking lot, go to lunch, have a coffee, go to a restaurant, but during the actual wait time before the audition is not the time to socialize."
Now I'm feeling really creative.
So let's add some more to our candy cane and beautiful heart.
"Now, we're going to move this little bubble out of the way because I need to just wrap that underneath."
I'm just going to push up from underneath and up and just tuck the little beak in there like that.
Now we need to make the shape of the swan's beak.
"And we did this in the other series just rolling the beak, putting a little pressure on."
You can see where I'm doing that.
"A little heat, a little bit of pressure and squeeze."
Just making a basic shape of the little beak.
"Make your adjustments, sit it in place and play about two pretty little swans next to each other."
Our final bit of decoration is a 6 inch ruby red heart.
"What I do is take the knot, come around the back and slip it into this little gap here."
What have we added?
Take the knot and just wrap it into place.
"Go under once, straighten everything up, just slip the heart into the middle."
There we have 2 loving swans on a candy cane in a beautiful heart.
A swan.
And I made this in the last balloon twisting series.
I'll just show you one more time how to add it to the heart.
We just left a little bit in the nozzle there to make the beak.
Then I'm going to go to the far end of the balloon where the knot is and make a small bubble.
Then I'm going to wrap the balloon around the heart like making a beak shape and twisting it around and wrap it into the beak a couple of times.
Twisting it under just to secure it and I'm going to fold into like a figure 8 shape just like we did with the basic swan.
In this segment we're going to build the clew patch for this Omega Fourteen Jib sail.
"Our clew patch dimensions are going to be about 27"" tall and taper down to about 18"" on the foot edge."
"Like the other, peel the tape off."
The clew patch has to go inside of the lines.
I lined up the leach edge.
I'll stick the patch down and now trim along our foot line.
There is our clew patch.
You can see the patch doesn't go all the way to the edge of the sail because we're going to need to fold this edge over; as well as fold the foot edge over.
We're going to go on to sewing the patches down.
Right now I'm doing the tack patch.
"Kind of the order you want to do is; the clew patch is obviously going to be the largest, the head patch will be the second largest and the tack patch is well, pretty tiny."
There is the tack patch.
It'll be a nice fanned out radial pattern.
"So, all of the load in the sail will be, or the load in the clew will be transferred onto these panels."
The idea with the radial patch is that all the load follows the thread line into the sail.
Before you stick them together you can just lay them out like that and you'll get a really good idea of what kind of clew patch you're going to need.
"Again, I'm trimming the clew patch here to make sure the grommet falls in the thickest part where all the layers meet."
"You can't use too much sticky tape, so keep taping, lots and lots of tape."
"There we go, we have a nice wall fitting clew patch."
I'm going to go ahead and tape the backside of it.
My name is Christine Marquette and I'm a registered dietitian with the Austin Regional Clinic and I'm going to talk to you about hormones for weight loss.
In the last 5 to 10 years there's actually been a lot of research into various hormones and how they may affect weight loss.
"In addition, it seems to curb their appetite."
"One area of research has involved the hormone oxygen modulin and this particular hormone is found in the gut and in some of the preliminary research when it was injected into overweight or obese people, they did lose more weight than those taking placebo."
The exact mechanism hasn't really been identified.
"In addition, they really were not sure if these people were losing actual body fat or actually just losing body fluids."
"So again, very preliminary research on that particular hormone."
Its not being widely used yet.
Another hormone that's been studied more is growth hormone.
"Now this hormone it has been identified that when people that are overweight or obese have been injected with it, they actually do reduce their body fat."
They lose weight in the method of losing body fat.
Hi.
I'm Jason Mac Genius and today we're going to talk about finding wireless internet.
"I always like to show everything in the menu bar that way you know, if you've got a whole line of icons up at the top you're super cool."
"So, we click on our airport and we've got multiple networks up here that we can choose from."
Pretty much any time you open your lap top lid you're going to get an automatic scan; airport is going to go and find every wireless network it can and give you an option to connect to it.
If there is a little lock icon over in the corner of it that means you need a password to get into it and if you don't have the password you're out of luck.
"So, we're going to connect to Linux and that's pretty much it."
I'm Jason MacGenus and it's as easy as that connecting to a network.
Take care.
If you have an Apple lap top this is what you need to do to find wireless internet.
Open it.
That's as easy as that.
That's really all you have to do.
"So, in finding wireless internet if you don't have an airport icon up here in your menu bar I'm going to show you a quick little tip that you can get that up there."
"We're going to go to system preferences, network and we've got airport selected here."
We're going to go show airport and show status in menu bar.
"So, now you see you've got a little airport up here."
"Okay I said independent, not independence, independent realtor or being on a team."
"You know this is not a get rich quick business you guys and anything that's worthwhile, we all know that in life we've been taught, takes a little planning and thinking and it's about working smart and deciding what's best for you."
What an independent realtor looks like.
A) Don't put the cart before the horse.
"You don't want to run out and buy yourself a little office, get the best computers, get the best coffee machines, it's about thinking in your mind, okay I'm out here."
I'm on my own in one sense.
You don't have this big broker.
This is all on me.
Sort of.
I'm an independent realtor.
Here I sit with Shelly Davis on my card as the independent realtor and I'm buying my own cards.
I'm buying my own signs and that kind of thing.
Okay what worked for me?
So let's talk a little bit more about that.
Okay at the time I got into real estate I was kind of looking at my options.
I had these children to feed.
I've got a couple of dogs.
"Okay I've got this little business over here, but it's I'm kind of, you know, getting out of this business I'm in."
Do I want to run out and be an independent realtor and be my own person or do I want to be on a team?
There's a huge difference.
"Let me talk about, the first thing we're going to talk about is being that independent realtor."
Alright everybody so welcome to the segment on a taper deck or stripper deck.
Now like a Svengali deck this is a basic trick deck of cards that you can get at a lot of stores even some toy stores carry them under various names.
Now the cool thing about this is this appears to be a completely normal deck of cards but there is some sneaky stuff about it that I'm going to tell you about in a little while.
"You can do all kinds of tricks, you can do some variations of tricks that I've taught you in other segments."
"They can be shuffled and cut and everything and handled like normal cards, so even though they appear to be completely normal they're not."
And in the next few videos I'll be teaching you all kinds of cool ways to use this to do all kinds of entertaining tricks.
So stick around and we'll talk about the stripper deck.
"Ok, now we have had this great birthday speech, we've given it, we have had the toast where we have toasted our birthday girl or guy and now in a lot of scenarios this is going to be the moment when you give the gift."
"Now this doesn't always happen but this would be the kind of situation where maybe everybody in the office pitched in and got them a gift, or a group of people got the gift."
This is not where you one participant in a party give your gift.
This is more of a group type gift.
"And all you have to do is make a you know a really simple statement, on behalf of everyone in the room, and you always want to make sure you mention everyone who was responsible for giving the gift."
"Now you don't have to name them all, you know don't have to say on behalf of Jim, Tom, Sally, Bob, Ricky, no."
But on behalf of the whole accounting department or the whole you know water cooler hang out group or whatever it is you want to mention all of them and then present the gift to the birthday girl or guy and at this point they will come up and accept the gift and usually they'll open it and then you're done.
"You've just well, you've just given a great birthday speech, I'm impressed."
In this segment of how to lose your slice and get a hook I'm going to relate hooking to hitting a tennis forehand with top spin.
"Oh, I know what you're thinking."
"What a great story, can't go into it right now."
We only have two minutes.
Right there.
Forehand with top spin.
"Tennis players, you know what I'm talking about."
"Now, if you want to do it with two hands make believe it's a two hand forehand with top spin."
You can see that that's going to hook the ball.
You can see that that's going to hook the ball.
"Then when you're on the golf course, don't go, ""Oh, I'm going to keep my head down."""
"Think about that during your swing. Tennis. Racket back. Top spin. And, you too, could be like me, winning US Opens in golf and in tennis."
"""I gave up tennis when I found out making love meant not scoring!"""
I don't know if they'll believe that one.
"Bob Hope, 1942."
"But, if you could hit top spin and that ball is going to hook in tennis."
The same movements can get you to hook the ball in golf.
"So, if you take a golf club and you could actually practice with one hand, tee up a ball with a 7 iron, let's say, and nice and easy make believe you have a tennis racket."
And you're going to hit a top spin forehand.
"Racket back, you're hand and arm go out to the right and you're turning it over."
You see that that's the move that has got me to win four US Opens in tennis.
Now let's start combining the strips of our image.
"What we want to do, is we want to take one strip and then make some room to put the first strip of the second image, and then take the strip of the first image, put it next to that, and keep alternating as you go along, and it's going to be one long picture with alternating strips from each image."
"So, so far in this step I've shown you how to take your images and place them, interchange them, each strip from one image to the next, to make a long mixed image that is going to be folded up."
The important thing over here is just to keep everything in order.
"Make sure that you're putting the strips one after the other in the right consecutive order, otherwise it gets a little--the finished product won't work, and it gets a little confusing if you--if you don't take note as you're putting in the images."
"One of the signs that you should look for when completing the interchanging of the strips, is that you've started with one image, the first image, and you've actually ended with the last piece being from the second image."
And that's one indication to know that you actually combined the image properly.
"Also it's important to maybe when you create the image, images, knowing that you're going to have to interchange them like this, to make them very distinct colors or possibly a different, a different type of shape or image entirely, so that this part of the project doesn't get too confusing."
"But we see that we've combined all the images, all the different shapes, and now we're going to put these together."
"We're going to carefully flip it over and put tape so that all of these strips stick together, and then it's going to be folded up like an accordion shape, and once it's folded up it will become half its size, and then we'll be able to put it directly on a piece of regular white paper, the same size as the original image."
So that's what we're going to do next.
"Alright, now that we got the upside down handle in place, we want to kind of just let it find its way on the pot."
"You don't want to force it anywhere because it wants to go somewhere it'll go, I think it wants to go up here."
"So take my needle tool and get rid of this clay because it's getting in my way, alright."
"Take a look at my pot, alright I think."
"What you always want to do is get it on there a little bit, get it on there a little bit and put it, put the pot down and look at it, see if it really needs to be there because it; I can take this off and put another one on."
I can do that all day long without destroying the pot.
So just kind of stick it on there and I think it works so from here we're going to start melting this into the rest of the pot.
"Once you have the body of your scarecrow stuffed now you can go back in and your spaces are going to be tighter so we're going to fill those back in with hay, especially around the neck you want to have a good crown of hay coming out."
So you just want to loosely pull apart pieces of your hay and cut them up.
"I'm just going to start cutting off some pieces of hay here and I'm going to take the neck of the scarecrow, I want to cover up these safety pins from where we fastened him, so I'm just going to start pushing that down in between and pulling out the ends, and you're going to do that all the way around your scarecrow."
You want to have a good amount of that hay coming out.
"The same thing, and another thing you can do is you can cut small holes in the body of the shirt and put some hay in there and allow that to come through, and we're going to do that with our pants legs later, but if you don't have jeans or pants that are ripped up you can do that with the shirt, and that's just another effect that it's going to create."
So again we're going to take some hay and just loosely pull it through all the way around and I'm covering up these safety pins that I used to secure my head of my scarecrow to my body and that's the effect you're going for.
Now I'm going to flip him over and continue the same on the back.
Hi my name is Mary Thinnes and I am a skin care expert.
The next topic I am going to discuss with you is how to properly treat sallow skin.
Sallow skin is dull skin.
It is basically not breathing properly it looks bland and does not look like it is alive.
With sallow skin you want to definitely be sure that you are exfoliating properly. As I mentioned before you want to do this no more than twice a week so definitely with sallow skin they do have built up dead skin cells on the surface and they have not been properly treating their skin.
"They might have thought they were treating their skin with proper products but if you have dead skin cells built up on the surface and they are not slothing off or you are not exfoliating properly, nothing is going to come in or nothing if going to come out and basically it is like having a barrier over the top of your skin and you put something on top of a barrier like a piece of wood for instance and it is not going to be absorbed in and it is not going to go out it is just going to sit there."
"With sallow skin in order for you to achieve that healthy skin glowing look you want to definitely exfoliate, use your papaya and enzyme treatments bi-weekly and properly treat your skin so your products will work as well."
Palm ball is exactly what the name might suggest.
The ball is held severely back in the palm and is choked a great deal.
"This position of having the ball back in your palm and your fingers basically wrapped around the ball causes the ball to lose its velocity and works much like a change up in its actions and the fact that it looks like a fast ball, it acts like a fast ball but it is several miles per hour slower than the fast ball."
That's what makes it an effective pitch.
It is used basically in the same situations as a change up would be used where you are trying to deceive the batter by changing speeds and that is a palm ball.
"If you have a sick bird, there are several things to remember."
"But the first and foremost is to get that bird isolated, away from all your other birds as fast as possible."
"Say, from moving it from one location to another."
Marvel Aid works real well for minor things.
But there is nothing that can beat the intelligence and knowledge of an avian vet when you have a sick bird.
"And more than likely, that will be the only way you'll be able to save that bird."
"If your bird has been exposed to smoke, near a fire or anywhere where the smoke has got to the bird, birds cannot get that smoke out of their lungs."
"They may go on for months and never show a sign, and then all of the sudden, you loose that bird."
"Fires are very dangerous to birds, and, I myself even had a fire in which I thought my birds were fine, and then months later I started loosing them, and it was said that it was due to the smoke in their lung."
Then the bird needs warmth.
"Use a heating pad, a brooder, anything that you can to get warmth to that bird."
"I would suggest highly that when you know a bird is sick, that you see a, an avian vet."
"They're not a lot of avian vets around, but there are many good ones around."
"The reason being, that a bird does not show that it is sick, until it is well sick."
"Because, they are attuned to hiding any illness away from their flock so that they won't be banned from the flock."
"So, by the time you can see that a bird is sick, it has been sick for a while."
I use Marvel Aid if a bird is just being stressed.
My name is Anthony Maddaloni.
"I'm a professional photographer from Austin, Texas and I'm going to talk a little bit about the different types of film that you can shoot with a large format camera."
What makes the difference?
And it's not really so much of a better or worse it's just the difference and that's what is very interesting to me.
"One other thing that is interesting to point out that if you are going to shoot slide film or chrome film, sometimes it's referred to as E6 process film."
You want to make sure your exposure is absolutely correct.
Slide film there's really no latitude for over or under exposing and that's a really important thing to know because one it's pretty expensive so you don't want to go through a whole bunch of film.
You're going to lose some money.
"So you want to have a nice meter, a nice system of making an exposure that's going to be correct and everything will really work out for you."
"The other thing about chrome film, color film is that you might want to keep it in the fridge."
That's a really good place.
If it gets hot you're going to have a shift meaning your film has essentially gone bad.
It's four by five.
So that's some of the types of film that you can use with a 4x5 camera.
This is a piece of black and white film.
Now black and white film you can still buy.
You can still develop it yourself.
"So it's really very available, easily, easily gotten."
"The other types of film that you can use with a 4x5 camera are color print film and chrome film, and this is where it gets kind of interesting because if you look compared to a modern day digital print, color print, even a very high end one compared to a print that was made with 4x5 chrome film, that's slide film, you're going to see differences."
Some of them are subtle and some of them are not so subtle.
And that's one thing that really interests me as a photographer is what is it.
CLANCY ROSE: Now we will get into steaming the milk.
There are three processes in preparing the milk for a single cappuccino.
"And the first is after you have the pitcher like this and the steam wand is in the milk and after you turn on the steam wand and start steaming, the first process that you are going to do is kind of hold it."
"I would like to hold the pitcher in this groove here and hold it at an angle and get the milk rolling, so it is kind of spinning inside the pitcher while the tip of the steam wand is submerged in the milk."
"Right when you can feel the milk break into the same temperature as your hand, which is about a hundred degrees, right when you can feel it warm up you will drop it down to start stretching or introducing air and that is where you are making the foam in the milk and that is what you are going to do."
"You are not going to have to do as much for a lighter, like, a skim milk or something like that."
More foam is created more evenly with a lighter milk.
"And then the third process is you push the pitcher back up, submerge the steam wand once again and then get it spinning again, and that is going to blend your foam with your steam milk and kind of get a nice consistency throughout the milk."
So I will demonstrate that.
In this segment I'm going to explain how the hammer swing can help you select clubs when you're between two clubs.
"I'm sure that many times you're in a situation where you don't know if you should use one club and swing hard or use a less of an angle club, a stronger club, and hit it easy."
"Obviously, if a carpenter had a chance to hit in a nail, would he rather go like this, or like this?"
It's always easier with a smaller swing.
The hammer swing clears that up very easily.
"If you're between clubs and you're using the hammer swing, go with the longer club and swing easy when you're in between two clubs on the course."
"For example, you're a certain distance, 140 yards, 150 yards, and you don't know if you should swing hard at an 8 iron or easy with a 7 iron."
"The hammer swing, and you probably know the answer already, makes this very clear and easier to do."
"Because, we know that it's more difficult to hit a nail straight in with a bigger, harder swing than it is with a shorter, easier swing."
"So, if you're between clubs, let's say you're not sure if it's an 8 iron or a 7 iron."
"Would you take that 8 iron, look at that nail and hit that nail in super hard?"
"Or, would you take a 7 iron and take less of a swing?"
You see that nail and you want to hit that nail in easier.
Which one is easier to do?
"Okay, so when you actually get down to the pressure washing stage, and you have the machine on; it's making all the noise, you just take and get; you have to stay back from the wood."
If you get really close to the wood it's going to damage the wood.
"You have to be very symmetrical or congruent to get across here to make sure that everything is just nice and clean, and there's no stripes in it, or you'll end up with stripes when you finish the deck."
"Okay, so you've pressure washed your deck, you've got it all down and nice and clean."
"In Arizona here, it will dry out in twenty-four hours, but you have to make sure that the redwood is nice and dry before you put any of your treatments on."
If you're in another climate where it's wet or very humid you might have to wait two to three days.
"You don't want to apply the treatment if there is any moisture in your deck, because it will tend to bubble."
You need to stay back like eight to twelve inches away from the wood.
"You sweep it back and forth, and you have to make sure you cover all the wood."
If you don't cover all the wood you're going to have streaks in it when you take and refinish it.
"And the pressure washer will take off most everything that needs to be taken off, and in fact, if the wood is very old it will make the wood furry."
That means it'll have fibers out of the wood.
"So then you can just go back over the wood with an orbital sander, and just take the furriness off the wood, because you don't want the wood to be furry when you're finishing it."
"Now you have your pressure washer on, and you're pressure washing the deck up here, and the boards, and you're taking off the dirt."
"You have to make very sure that you don't skip over places and, or it'll make lines where you leave the dirt and debris on here."
"There are several things that you will not want to discuss during the interview such as you have the legal right not to be asked about your personal life, your religion, your children or what your husband does."
"These are actually illegal questions that you might keep in mind if your employer asks and you can say, I'm sorry, I'd rather not disclose that information."
So don't let the employer bull you or intimidate you or have you answer questions that they legally cannot answer.
I hope you will take the things that I have suggested and utilize them because I think they are just a no fail philosophy of a job interview.
"But before anything, be confident, have fun with your job interview and be enthusiastic."
These are very important things and good luck with your job interview.
Now earlier we talked about what is in Hookah tobacco especially comparatively to cigarettes.
Hookah tobacco has got four main ingredients in it that are found in every kind of shisha you can think of.
The number one thing of course is the natural tobacco leaf.
"If you are going to make your own tobacco you need to get some good quality natural tobacco leaf, dry it out, get it cut up and kind of grind that stuff up and then you want to blend that with whatever flavor you are going to be doing."
"So let's say you are doing mango, you would actually blend it with the fruit, the mango flavoring and then you could mix in honey and molasses and it makes kind of syrupy thing there and then you just add more tobacco to make the right consistency that you want."
"So those are the things that are in the Hookah compared to the cigarettes as you can see, four ingredients compared to 425 ingredients."
So very minimal as far as what you are intaking in your body.
"There are no surprises here, you know what you are smoking."
There is nothing that you can't pronounce in Hookah tobacco.
So here is Ashli smoking some more Hookah.
"BEN GRAHAM: Playing offense, you need a bat."
You gotta have something to hit the ball.
"Sometimes, you'll find them wrapped in leather."
"This type of bat--most of you, if you've played baseball at all, this is what you're most familiar with."
This is what is used in 90 percent of the games of baseball in the United States.
"In the Major League level and in the Minor League level, when you get into the professional baseball, they do use wooden bats."
"I like to swing--this one's actually a little small, but normally I swing a 32-inch, 28-ounce bat."
"This is one is a 32-inch, 25-ounce bat."
This is well suited for a smaller player.
"If there are ladies watching, this is probably the size of bat that you would use."
"If you're about between 5-foot-2 and 5-foot-5, this might be the type of bat that you would want to use."
"And when you hold the bat, what you're going to want to do, as a right-handed batter, you'll put your left hand on the bottom, you're going to put your finger here, right on this little knob, fold it."
This is how the game gets going.
"Right around, you're going to hold it very loosely in your fingers."
Your right hand goes on top.
"Again, you hold it in your fingers."
"Hold it lightly like an egg, take your stance, and you swing the bat."
"And that's basically how you create offense in the game of baseball with a simple, little cylinder called a baseball bat."
This is a standard aluminum bat.
"There are various alloys that go into making bats, but that's a little bit more in-depth than we really need to get today."
"What you need to know is the bat is a long, cylinder."
It gets fatter towards the barrel.
This is ideally where you want to hit the ball.
This is the handle of the bat and you'll notice that it's wrapped.
This is wrapped in rubber.
"If you're thinking about selling golf balls you find out on the golf course, it's very easy to do."
"My name is Jared Garbett, and I'm with Echo Farms Golf and Country Club, and I'm going to teach you how to sell golf balls you find on the golf course."
"Collect the golf balls until you have several hundred golf balls, maybe even a thousand golf balls, and go to your local pro shop or local golf center and see if they have a refurbished golf ball center or see if they sell golf balls two for a dollar, three for a dollar."
Have a bargain golf ball bin.
"Most places will buy the golf balls from you, and then resell them in their store."
"Sometimes, you may wish to make it a hobby or a small job to go into the local ponds at golf courses, or into the woods, and search for golf balls there."
"Be sure to check with your local golf course before doing so, but it should not be a problem."
"Make sure that you always carry the golf balls back to the pro shop, and sell them back to the pro shop that you get the balls from."
"After doing this, you should get a cut of the money, and maybe it'll make it worth your while."
That's how you sell golf balls you find out on the golf course.
Okay now that I have combed protein based conditioner throughout her hair I need to wrap it in plastic.
"The reason I'm going to put plastic on her hair, or a plastic cap, either one will work."
And it will not work without the plastic.
It doesn't work the same.
"So you really need to, this holds your body heat in."
If you have availability to a dryer that's even better but you definitely want to put this plastic on here.
"If you have a plastic cap that works good, too."
So either way.
Plastic cap or saran wrap.
And you can actually see it starting to heat up inside.
You can see the steam building up.
So that means we've got her wrapped properly.
"But in case you don't have the plastic cap, the plastic saran wrap works just as good."
And that's how you want to put the plastic on her scalp.
Make sure she's covered completely.
We want to totally wrap her hair in this.
Just make believe she's a leftover.
The plastic wrap sticks to itself.
She's totally wrapped.
You want to close it in.
And that's going to hold in the heat from her head.
The heat process helps the conditioner penetrate into the hair shaft to ensure proper coverage.
"Hi, this is John Stewart and this is how to pack your tent poles for a weekend camping trip."
You don't want to take and roll up your tent poles with your tent because it takes up a lot of room.
"They lay nice and flat against the pack, and you don't have to worry about them going anywhere cause they're not going to fall out the bottom of the pack."
This is how to pack your tent poles for a weekend camping trip.
So you're going to pack and stuff down your tent and put it on the inside of your pack.
"Since your tent poles are normally longer than the inside of your pack, you always want to take and put these on the outside of the pack."
You can strap these right on the outside.
They don't have to worry about getting them wet because you'll have a pack cover on.
"That way they're outside, real quick to get to when you set up your tent in the afternoon."
And they don't get in the way.
The other nice thing about this is you can strap them down nice and tight to where they don't rattle and make a lot of racket while you're out there packing.
"So most packs are going to have sleeves on the outside of the pack to where you can just slide your tent poles right down on the sleeves, get it all the way to the bottom and then you just take and cinch down the straps to where your tent poles won't move on the outside of your pack."
The last piece is just always salt so we are going to salt it with a little bit of sea salt.
Actually I always like to use sea salt better then the iodize salt.
Sea salt is a lot more natural and your body could really stimulate the minerals that are in the sea salt much better then iodize salt.
Iodized salt is very process so we always use sea salt here.
So as you can see that the balsamic has really attach themselves to the string beans.
"Hi, my name is Ashley Ludman, from Seaside Yoga, and I'm here to talk to you about becoming yoga certified, so there are many different yoga certification programs, all across the country, and also internationally."
"The best bet, would be to first go to yogaalliance.org, and they have a list of all of the registered yoga schools, that fall under their 200 or 500 hour registered yoga trainings."
"The first thing that I would suggest, is to find a teacher that really speaks to you, or inspires you, and find a specific style of yoga, that you are inspired to practice, and that will give you a little bit more information, about how to go about training, in that specific style, or discipline."
"Many of the 200 hour programs have a multidisciplinary approach to yoga teaching, so that means that you might get a little bit of one style of yoga, and a little bit of another style, which is a good basis to begin a certification program, so in terms of continuing on with your training."
"You can then go into some advanced trainings, and take a little bit more time in one specific style, so just to recap that."
"Find a teacher or a style of yoga, that inspires you.Go to yogaalliance.org, and good luck with your yoga certification journey."
"Let's take our Egyptian walk and travel with it and add our saiidi arm styling to it, all right?"
"Left hand facing down, right thumb by the ear."
Good.
Let's take it walking forward.
Step right foot and lift.
Step. Lift. Now feet should be together when you're doing this movement. You don't want to be stepping outside here to do the movement.
Step and then feet together.
Step feet together.
Step feet together.
"Elbow back, weights going to shift to the right foot and lift."
Step together.
Make sure the knee is bent.
Good step together.
Step elbow stays back.
Good so you can take this movement forward and back.
Step together.
Make sure you're not bobbing up and down and make sure you drill it in front of a mirror so that you know exactly what it looks like before you take it out into public.
Step and lift.
Good.
Switching the arms as we go make sure the hand is not moving in contrast to the hip.
The hand stays stationary.
Lift.
Step and lift.
Step and lift.
"Reading book covers, part two."
"In the next step, you have a book for example, The Three Little Pigs and you have America the Beautiful."
"Most children will choose The Three Little Pigs, why?"
Because it's cute and it's colorful.
You're showing them that oh this book here has a lot of pretty photos.
You're explaining what's on the cover in picture terms.
"And this book, look how beautiful that is, it looks like it's outdoors with three little animals that might be piggies."
Which one would you like me to read?
"You are showing the child how to make choices and decisions and how later in life, how to develop judgment."
That simple.
"Where first you've shown books, the second step, you're asking them a choice by comparing two different genres."
In the last session we just looked at the colors and we called these little packages of goodies books.
"That's book covers, part two."
The child now knows the word book and this is a book cover that gives you an idea of what the book might be like.
"So the next step is to maybe choose two books and say hmmm, which one would you like me to read?"
The child is going to base their decision simply on the colors and you may say why would you like me to read this book?
"Oh, because there's a little girl in the picture."
Why would you like me to read this book?
Because there's a character.
The main thing you're showing at this point is you're giving the child a choice and you're allowing them to compare pictures and they're learning to compare genre.
"OK, so now, we're hitting a ball."
"The wind is blowing from right to left, which means, it's just blowing from this direction, to that direction."
"or, I could aim very far to the right, and use a draw, which is kind of an easy hook, so I aim really far to the right, and now by hitting a draw I'm going to get a little more distance, so then I count, so that counteracts the wind, the distance robbing wind."
"So if I hit it really far to the right, the wind is going to then push it, and I might be somewhat on the right side of the fairway."
So those are the ways you deal with the right to left wind.
"So, if I'm going to fade the ball, I'm going to aim to the right side, like that."
"And then the wind will correct it, hopefully, down the middle."
"And, but I might want to draw it and then really go right, so I'm going to close the face a little bit."
And then the wind is going to blow that right down the middle.
"So what you don't want to do when you have a really strong right to left wind is go down the middle or even play near the left side, because the wind can push you out of bounds, or into a lot rough and trees."
And how do we deal with that?
"Well, if I hit this ball straight down the middle of the fairway, and the wind is going from right to left, it's going to blow it possibly into the left side of the fair way, or the left rough."
"Or if it's a real strong wind, it could blow it into the out of bounds on the left side."
"So, I have to adjust and account for that wind, so, what I'm going to do is there's a variety of things I can do."
So I'm using my five iron here.
"I could then play a thade, which means the ball is going to curl, it's going to curl into the wind, and then the wind is going to straighten it back out."
"And I'm going to move some distance doing that, but that's one way of avoiding the ball from being pushed all the way to the left side."
"Another thing I could do is aim more to the right, and I can hit the ball straight, and then, so if I hit the ball more to the right, the wind is going to push it right back into the middle, I hope."
Let's take our Choo Choo Shimmy and add a twist to it literally.
"So we're going to first start with our feet up on Relevee, since we've already tried that hopefully."
"And again, speed it up."
Make sure your upper body stays nice and level.
Keep those ankles pulled in toward each other.
Keep your hands from moving around.
Keep your head nice and still.
Very good.
Keep that belly button in.
"And then when you practice this, try it different tempos."
Practice it in the mirror so that you make sure your posture stays nice and pretty.
And we're going to lift our hips up in toward our rib cage.
Watch your upper body.
Make sure that belly button's pulled in nice and tight.
"So we're going to bring it, the right hip forward, and then bring it back."
Good.
"Right hip forward, bring the left hip forward, and back, and forward, and back."
Little faster.
"Forward, forward, forward, forward, forward."
"Alright today, great one for you."
"Putting it in your oven, it just cooks golden brown and comes out yummy, yummy, yummy and it's a great dinner."
"A great way to impress the girls, guys."
"This is a nice one for dinner, it's stuffed shrimp, we're going to be using crab."
"Now you can go out and buy lump crab meat, which I'll talk about later, or you can have some of these beautiful King crab legs that I had leftover, and make your own crab meat which I'm going to do today because I think I saw crab, lumped crab meat at like twenty dollars a pound ."
"Where, this is a lot cheaper, not that much if you think about it but definitely about ten dollars a pound as opposed to twenty dollars a pound already done for you."
"Alright, so what are we going to do?"
We're going to get some great shrimp.
Let me talk about stuffed shrimp first of all.
What I know about it is that it's amazing.
"It's taking some crab meat and mixing it with, making a nice stuffing and stuffing your shrimp with it."
When is the table command used in competition?
"Depending upon the course and where in the Country you are competing, it's generally going to be used in numerous places throughout the courses."
"Sometimes they may have one table, sometimes they may have two, based on the level of difficulty of the course."
"As I mentioned, in prior segments, it's definitely important to get to the competition early, to do practice runs and see where the table obstacle will be located."
It is vital to know which obstacles are before the table and after the table so you can direct your dog accordingly.
"As mentioned earlier, table will require proper execution and calmness, from your dog, so they will go into a down stay pause position for five seconds."
"So, be sure to know the obstacles, before and after the table, to ensure that the table stay command will be carried out properly."
"So, as mentioned, be sure that you get there early to do a good run through, with your dog."
Another game that we play that enhances our skills and helps teach our novice riders the art of keeping a cow.
"What we call. ""On the wall"". Laura's going to do her best to make sure that she keeps and her horse keep that cow positioned so that it's kind of sandwiched between the fence and her horse."
It gives us the opportunity to learn how to turn that cow by our control and how to pick our angles.
So that we have plenty of time to work the cow rather than chase it and Laura and her horse are doing a great job of showing us how we keep that cow in control against the wall.
Picking our angles and importantly keeping the distance between the cow and the horse.
Often times riders get much too close to the cow in their enthusiasm and effort to work it and then we loose the timing that we need to get our horse positioned to stop that cow on the wall.
Creating the correct angle.
"Sometimes we say it's much like shooting pool you have got to time and, time the distance and judge the speed to get yourself in the position where you're going to keep that cow under your control."
Now we're going to talk about recovering a dropped stitch.
You can even use a pencil or a crochet hook or a sewing needle.
Now all you do is knit that stitch and you've saved your dropped stitch.
Isn't that exciting?
Let's say that you want to rip something out.
"To rip something out, you would take the needle and you go right underneath."
This is a good example because we have a different color.
"You would pull that there, go back in there, and pull there and you're out a stitch."
Does that make sense?
Let me do it again.
Let's say that you want to unravel a stitch at a time.
"Instead of going and pulling on it and yank, yank, yank, yank, what you do is you go and you let it off the hook and you pull that stitch down there."
"You just go in, you pull it back up and you're good to go."
See that?
I'm letting that black and white baby go because I want to get rid of it.
This one I'm just going to knit because we're at the end of the row.
We're now at black and white.
Let's finish this row.
Knit.
Now I'm happy.
I'm back to my regular number of stitches and everything is easy.
"Now, I know I only dropped one stitch that time, but let's pretend that I had dropped another just for practice."
I have this here.
"What I would do is I would go in here, wiggle that stitch on up, up and back, and put it up on there."
"Just like a camera has a lens, so does an enlarger."
"And, it is pretty interesting on what these lenses do and what formats these lenses work with."
"So, this is a fifty, a normal lens for printing thirty-five millimeter."
The lens I am holding in my hand is a fifty millimeter lens.
"And, that essentially is a normal lens for this enlarger."
"And, you would use this lens when you are making enlargements from a thirty-five millimeter image and if you wanted to just make anything from a five by seven, to an eight by ten, perhaps to an eleven by fourteen."
"But, different lenses do different things."
"And, these lenses are also very similar to camera lenses is that they have f-stops on them also."
"And, just a little bit to understand this, an f-stop on your camera lens controls your depth of field."
"The f-stops on these lenses control how much light the lens puts out, and corner to corner sharpness on your print."
"I am going to talk a little bit more about that when we get into printing in here, but it is really a very important thing to know that different formats take different lenses."
"BILL ALBIN: Hello, I'm Bill Albin."
"And what that means is the person on camera, the camera itself should be looking right at them."
"So you'd always want to bring your tripod to the eye level, or the camera really, to the eye level of the talent."
"And what that means is, where the camera sits should be looking me right in the eye."
So then you set up your tripod.
"Then what you do is you have a little bubble there, much like any construction worker or anyone who needs something perfectly level or carpenter and so forth."
You would make sure that your tripod is exactly level.
"That way, I don't end up looking like I'm tilted or something while I'm on the news."
"Once you have your tripod set up, make sure that it's on a proper position."
Make sure that none of the legs are down a hill or that none of the--you're on something that will cause damage or problems with the camera.
"In this clip, we're going to talk about a tripod."
Tripods are very important to every reporter or a photographer's work.
"The tripod is where you put your camera, obviously, but it's more than that."
This is what you exactly what you need to make sure every shot is better.
"When you're shooting video, it's important to have a steady, clear shot."
"And no matter how steady your hands are, they will never be as steady as a stationary tripod."
"So when you're using a tripod, there's a few things you need to know."
"For example, the tripod should always be eye level to the talent."
Hi!
I want to talk a little bit about the difference between sales agent and Realtor.
Now there is a difference and let me explain what that difference is.
"A lot of times youll meet people who say they sell real estate and theyre Real Estate Agents, but they may not be a Realtor, Im a Realtor and I belong to a Real Estate Association, and by being a Realtor I have to pay quite a bit of money every year to belong to that association, but I get all the tools and the resources that I need to market your home properly."
"A Sales Agent whos not a Realtor will not really have those tools at his disposal, and a Realtor will have access to the MLS which is the Multiple Listing Service."
"Thats really important and were going to talk about that in segments after this, but the multiple listing service is really the main place where Realtors and their clients go to look for properties, thats pretty much the place to market your home on the internet, the Multiple Listing Service."
"So again a Realtor will have access to the Multiple Listing Service, so you want to make sure that you hire a Realtor."
"All right, folks, in this clip I'm going to teach you how to draw a cartoon character with a gloomy expression."
And we'll move right down here to this lower corner here.
"And to really sell the whole gloomy look, we're going to make his mouth hanging extra low and kind of small."
Not very big.
"Really small, sort of a little lips expression."
That just looks gloomy.
"And you can add other things by making his face kind of look longer like that, instead of the usual perky way that I usually do it."
Not a lot of perkiness in this guy's face right now.
"So, those are the visual clues for the audience that this guy isn't feeling all that great."
The eyes being long and low.
The mouth being small.
The eyebrows being up.
And we'll start with the eyes.
And that definitely gives away the fact that this particular character is feeling rather low and gloomy.
"And one thing we're going to do kind of differently about this guy is we're going to definitely sell the gloomy look by making his eyebrows very, very low."
Just like that.
Almost to the bottom of his eyes there.
Come in here and draw his nose very quick.
And the pupils will be just barely hanging below the lids there.
"Then we'll come up here and we'll kind of give him sort of a sad eyebrow expression with them, just slightly pointed upwards."
Just like that.
"In this clip, were just going to talk about the elements of the track."
"The key element of this track is that it is a dirt track, and not a pavement track."
"Where the flag stand is, about, you know, give or take ten feet of this flag stand, or back from this flag stand on every track is the start finish line."
"We have lights in all four corners and in the middle of the track so that you can know when yellow flag are, know when there is red flag if somebody is injured and know you know if its green, white flag."
Those are very big safety things.
"So they constantly are watering the track to keep, to try to keep the track in race condition."
"The inside of the track, where the berm is, it's not really built up right now, but there is a berm up there."
You want to stay between the boundaries of the berm and the wall.
"The wall protects the fans, the drivers; the catch bench is the very important part of the track."
"You know, if you start flipping and you don't want to go into the stands, because you can injure people in the stands it also keeps you inside the track, so you are not going to injury yourself by flipping over and hitting something outside the track."
The flagman stands in that stand right over there.
"And this is corner one, two, three and four."
"Coming out of corner four, that's where the start line is for the re-start and the original start."
"When you are selecting a teapot that is glass, it is always best to go with the best brand because glass already is very fragile."
"So, you want to buy something that can withstand the heat without worrying about pouring warm water in there, prepare the teapot."
"And then, you put your hot water in."
"Once you do that, the teas would rise and you will be able to see the color of the tea."
"Mind you, I am not worried about the fact that I am putting boiling water in a cold pot."
"And, you can see the color changed with time."
Can the camera catch this?
"You can see all the actions of the tea leaves, whereas with other teapots, the teas are brewing and the only thing you see is what goes into a cup."
"And, the flowering tea will bloom."
"And, for flowering tea, you do not necessarily need to use a tea filter."
"All you need to use, is put the hot water in, and then you put your tea flower in and it will bloom and take up the whole pot."
"And, this will be a wonderful display when you have guests over."
This is a Yana glass teapot.
"And, what I mean by this drip-less teapot is so."
Do you notice that?
"Great pot if you like to see your teas, and as well as be able to drink tea when it is a little bit cooler."
This teapot is amazing.
You can put it in boiling water and then put it in the freezer and it will not break.
"It is also handmade, where the spout, when you pour the tea, it is a drip-less spout."
You will know what I mean in just a second.
"This is the best type of teapot if you are trying to brew a white tea or a very nice green tea, and you like to see the color of the brew and you like to see the leaves dance."
"This is the filter that you put in, and you would put your tea leaves in here as such."
"I am using my hands but I recommend using a teaspoon, unless you are making it for yourself."
EMIL LAMPRECHT: Now I'm going to show you the first snatch trick.
"Now, this trick has a lot of different things going on."
It takes a lot of practice but it's pretty cool in my opinion.
"Obviously, you want to be able to do it on both sides."
You'll usually find that your nondominant hand will have a harder time with an even release but some practice will get it there.
Being able to do it--being able to do it back and forth is very beneficial to developing a routine.
"So, it may take a while to get your first successful snatch especially with an even and straight box."
Snatch looks like this.
"Now, the things that are involved in the snatch."
"First of all, a very even upward release is important."
"If the box is kind of all over the place, first of all, you won't be able to snatch the middle box and second of all, it will be very hard to have the center box travel properly towards the center or you can then snatch it or reclamp it."
"Also, we're using some of the dynamic of the push and pull that I showed you in the separations to push the box you're releasing over this direction."
"Then, of course, you have to catch in a snatch-like way the center box out from everything else without screwing up the pressure on the other boxes."
It's a very dynamic trick.
"Today we're going to be discussing Magic, The Gathering, the card game."
"We destroy him, and this is all during the end phase."
He goes to the graveyard.
"Now, this zombie avatar, which was a three, three is now only a one, one because he only gets credit for one."
One zombie is now in play.
"That being done during the end phase, as you said, when I play the instant during my end phase."
"You must proclaim that it's during the end phase, and not for instance during your opponent's upkeep phase because when you are done and your going to do something you must vocalize this otherwise you can't do it."
That in turn begins the beginning of your opponent's upkeep phase.
Those are the phases of the game.
"The end phase is a part where, since it is my turn, I can decide I am done or finished."
Usually people just say they are done.
"Now, this step, in and of itself, is a phase."
"However, the only thing that you can do during this phase is play an instant."
"For instance, we are going to tap this for two and a black and we're going to play an eye of lights ending which is a tribal instant elf."
"Now, this says on the card, destroy target non-elf creature."
"We are, for instance, going to destroy the zombie that gave us so much trouble during our combat with its regenerative abilities."
We're going to destroy the bone emitter.
Today we're going to be making a wagon from a shoe box.
And its going to be a really special wagon with wheels that are going to turn.
"These are going to be the axles of the front wheels and back wheels, one for each set of wheels."
We're going to be using masking tape.
"And we're going to need an empty tissue roll, a paper towel holder."
This is the roll from the inside.
This is going to be the handle of the wagon and its going to be attached to the wagon with a heavy ribbon which is the purple ribbon you see here.
And we're also going to be decorating the wagon.
"For that we're going to either be using, we chose to use some flowers, kind of soft cut up flowers you can get at any craft store."
But you don't necessarily need these kind of decorations.
You can just cut up magazines and find different pictures to paste on the wagon.
And we're going to be using some tissue paper as well to cover the wagon.
And I'm going to go through the supplies now that we're going to need to make our wagon.
And the main body of the wagon is going to be a shoe box.
"Now the shoe box should have a, it should have the top along with it, because the top is going to be glued on to the bottom of the base."
And we're also going to need a bowl that we're going to use to mix glue and water.
We want the glue to be a little bit thinner than its normal consistency.
And that's what we're going to be using on the tissue paper to stick it on to the shoe box which is going to be the body of the wagon.
And we're going to need some beads.
We're going to need eight large beads and eight small beads.
These beads are going to be used to hold the wheels on to the wooden sticks on the axle.
"And you will need to make sure that the beads are wide enough, the hole inside is wide enough to fit on to the wooden stick which is going to be the, again, the axle of the wheels."
And we'll be using a scissor and its helpful to have a marker and we're going to need some all purpose glue or like a rubber cement type of glue as well.
The first thing that we'll need is twenty four CDs.
And these are the supplies needed for the project of making a wagon from a shoe box.
They don't have to be new CDs obviously but if you have any laying around the house its a good chance to clean out your office drawers and come up with twenty four CDs that you don't need.
These are going to be the wheels of our wagon.
And then we're going to need a paint brush which will be used to apply the glue to the box and we're going to be covering it with tissue paper.
And we'll need some wooden sticks.
"These wooden sticks are usually found, they're used for grilling on a BarBque with a sharp end on one end, and they can come in a super market or craft store."
We're going to need two of these.
Hi.
In this segment we're going to talk a little bit about how to do the basic tip.
"So that's a single tip, you can actually go right and left."
"You can actually do multiples, little tips to a big tip."
"And what I like to do is actually, tip with my thumb."
So those are some of the different ways that you can do the basic tip.
"Now a tip, can be done with your fingers, or your thumb, and the basic thing is, is that you want to make sure that you tip it with the pad of your fingers."
You don't want to tip it on your nails necessarily.
"The easiest tips to do are with your pads, the soft part of your fingertips and that way it won't hurt."
"Also, another way that I do tips is kind of with my thumb."
I hold it this way.
"So basically you want to put enough spin on it, either by yourself or with a throw."
And a throw or spin would come in and you want to strike the Frisbee right in the middle.
"Right in the middle with the, with the fatty part of the tip of your finger."
Offset printing use to be the way to go for printing books.
"Now it's pretty much use just for high volume printing, because you have to print so may to get it in your price range."
"So now and days most people are going to self print on demand type printing, where you don't have to print thousands and thousands of books."
Offset printing is one of those huge machines that prints pages and pages and pages very quickly.
"The quality is great, but once again, you're going to spend a lot of money and you have to print thousands of books in order to make it cost effective, or before any offset printer would even consider doing the job."
"So look into your options, because now and days there are a lot more options than just your offset printing."
"There's print on demand, there's self publishing, even traditional publishers don't use offset printing as much anymore, because they're not willing to print quite as many books as they use to, once upon a time."
"So be sure to check your website, do your research, find out if offset printing is what you need, or if you can go with one of the other newer products that are out there and available."
Film cameras have been around a long time.
"Basically they've been invented in the late 1800's, actually a little after 1890."
"And they were black and white for many years before they got the color, it was probably in the 50's or 60's before they got into color film."
"And they had different size negatives so you could blow them up larger and larger, with larger cameras, and one of the drawbacks was that the film had to be developed and that the film was costly, because every shot that you took had to be on film and you may not need every shot."
"With digital cameras, it's a different story."
"You don't really use film, you use electricity from the battery and it goes onto a memory that's within your digital camera, so that really you're not paying a lot, and you don't have to go out and buy film, and you don't really have to go develop it."
"It does have to be printed, but it can be used just on your computer."
"Hello, I'm Kyle Brayer and your next in-home leg workout will be the alternating side lunge."
"This is going to work the hip flexors as well as the glutes, hamstrings and quads once again."
Then she'll come back and we'll go with the left leg.
Down and back up.
"The negative portion, you can turn forward, the negative portion is when she's going down, that's the easier portion of the exercise so she'll be inhaling, and then as she comes back up she'll be exhaling."
That's the alternating side lunge.
Karie's going to start in her athletic stance with her feet just about shoulder-width apart.
"She's going to keep her torso, so from her hips to her shoulders, in line once again."
"She'll put her hands on her hips and she's going to step out with that left leg into a squatted position, and then she's going to come back up, and that will be one repetition."
"Now she'll come back to the right, squat, and then come back across."
"So she's not only getting the side lunge, which is working the hip flexors, but she's also getting a squat in this exercise."
"Let's do one more like that, Karie."
"Here she's going to step out to the right, she's going to come down, again, trying to keep those knees behind the toes, so lean back just a little bit for me, Karie."
There you go.
Okay so we've taken our lump of clay.
We centered it.
And that is now our measurement.
Tighten up the end so it doesn't move.
"Over here, the little wing nut."
Okay so now we have measured the height of our mug.
And we're going to now measure the top lip.
Use this tool.
Very similar tool.
It's just a little smaller.
We're going to measure it and there you can see we have it measured.
This will give us an accurate measurement of the top lip of the mug so that we can make our second mug.
We've opened it and we've raised the walls.
And we will get to that after we do the finishing part on this mug.
We have one more step to do with this.
And then we will move on.
So essentially we have a finished form of a mug on our hands here.
But we want to make another one that's exactly the same.
So what we're going to do is we're going to take these two tools here and we're going to start by measuring the height of the mug like this.
And as you can see we can measure it quite accurately.
And we can say that is the exact height of this mug.
Like that.
Okay?
Hello!
It's like a cross thing where people stop and look and say wow.
It's quite a thing.
"Ordinarily, it used to be a white wall, but look what they've done."
It's really incredible; it's beautiful.
These are the things that go on in small towns.
We try to exist.
"We're standing in the parking lot of our cinema, Tinker Street Cinema, and as you can see, it's full tonight."
It's kind of a nice Saturday night.
It's cooling off.
"It was a hot day, and everybody's coming to the movies tonight."
"The people also park along the public highway, which is allowed."
"It's pretty convenient for people to come, and it's very, very important to the town that we supply off street parking."
"As you can see, today these murals, graffiti murals were done by artists who cam from New York City and it was promoted by the Varga Gallery, which is right next door to the cinema."
We sort of feed off each other.
Hi!
"So that means every time there is a contour line, it is a 100 foot difference."
"So in this map, I can tell valleys to peaks where the trail is and you also can find this out by the map key."
"The trails on this map are in red, the contour lines are brown, rivers and water are all blue and I can see if I am going to be traveling at the top of peaks or if I would be down in a valley near the shelters or if there is water nearby."
All these things are very easy to find out with your map and you dont need a compass to find it all out.
"Read your map key, learn how to figure out the contour lines and learn what the scale is for your mileage and you should have a pretty good day using your map; you dont need a compass."
"You just need to steady your map very well and take notice if you're hiking up something or hiking down something, and if you're near water or not."
"When reading a map of when you are going hiking, there are some things to look at right away."
Topographical maps show you the elevation.
"This one is a topographical map and if you look, you can see how these lines all around the map."
Ive drawn lines on this map to demonstrate exactly what these lines do.
It is essentially putting lines on a flat piece of paper to make it seem or look like mountain.
"At the top, you will have the summit, has a circle and if it is super steep, on the actual map itself the lines will be closer than the other since this is a steep side."
"If it is not a steep section, the lines wont be as close together and you will be able to tell this on the map."
On my map the contours intervals are every 100 feet.
In this step I'm going to show you how to cut and prepare the wire that goes in the ears of the animal purse as well as the strap.
First you're going to need your strap.
And you can leave a little extra on the bottom.
Also use scissors.
Not your fabric scissors.
Use your junk scissors to cut this wire.
So there we go.
It can come off a little bit but you want to make sure it's around the edges because that's what's going to hold up the ear on your purse.
"Also, this wire is too short for my strap but the paddle wire is great."
"We undo that, measure it out."
"Again, you can make it a little bit longer than your strap is."
Cut it.
You're going to need your ear shape and you're going to need your floral wire.
"And again, use not your good fabric scissors."
Use other scissors or wire cutters to cut this.
And there you go.
You have your wire for your strap and your wire for your ear.
This is 24 gage wire and this is a little smaller.
Either one will work well.
So now I want you to take your wire and measure it all the way around your ear.
And you don't have to go around the bottom.
Just around three sides is fine.
But you want to make sure it goes around the edges.
And it doesn't have to be exact.
"Now, here's just some quick guidelines for resisting self disclosure."
"Now, we talked a lot about how you should self disclose, how it's a good thing."
"Well I can't tell you"", ""No but really like, What did the boss say?"" Be firm, be direct, I can't give you that information, and then move on."
Don't put a stop to it.
"Maybe you don't want to, maybe it's not the right person, maybe it's not the right situation."
"So, if someone is trying to get you to disclose information, and you do not want to, don't allow yourself to be pushed, don't let people push you into disclosing something that you do not want to disclose, simply refuse."
"Refuse to disclose, be assertive, but you can still be nice."
"You don't have to be aggressive and mean, but, no I rather not talk about that."
No I can't talk about that.
No I'm not going to give you that information.
"Be as direct as you can, about, ""I'm not going to give you the information that you want"", and then try to switch topics, and this you might see a little bit more in a work environment."
Well what did the boss say?
"Again, little league is open to both boys and girls ages 5 to 18."
"Although some leagues don't actually have the big, they basically stop at age 16, but other than that the ages are 5 to 18."
"And once you determine which division your child is in, you're going to have to find your local league and you can do that by contacting either the parks or the little league office."
They will point you in the right direction for that.
"Once you determine where your child is going to play, you're going to have to get the forms and fill them out and you can get the forms either online."
Usually your local league will have a website.
Or you can just go down to the local league office and pick it up.
Once you fill out your forms you're going to want to have a copy of your child's birth certificate to turn in with the forms.
"So if you don't happen to have a copy of the birth certificate handy, be sure that you send away for it on time so that you can have it to turn it in before the season begins otherwise your child will not be allowed to play."
"So we're still moving forward and back and allowing our weight to shift, instead of just walking side to side, right."
"So now, make sure your practice that with your left foot stepping forward and your right foot anchored, so that you get a nice, even work on both sides of the body."
I'm Johanna Krynyzky with Hip Expressions Belly Dance Studio helping you with your Triangle Step.
"So that left foot stays on the floor, even though I'm lifting my foot with every step."
"Right, left, right, left, that left foot doesn't move in space."
Alright?
"So you can practice that, you can layer all sots of things on top of that, and then when you're feeling comfortable you can start to pivot with it."
"Notice my left foot stays in the same place, and my right foot is moving forward and back, around that left foot."
"Right, so this is a great movement when you don't have a lot of space to dance in, but you want that illusion of movement."
Before we get started we need to purchase our fabric.
And there's a few things to consider while you're buying your fabric.
And that will also have an effect on how much fabric you'll be using.
The width of the fabric can come in different sizes.
The standard for upholstery fabric is usually 60 inches wide.
But you can find fabrics that are 45 inches wide or 70 depending upon the fabrics.
You want to make sure that you take into account what width fabric you're buying to figure out how much you're going to need when you're estimating how much you're going to need for your couch.
Now you also want to take into account the pattern.
Now if you're using something where you're going to want to match patterns you'll need more fabric.
You'll need a lot of extra if you're matching.
"You also want to think about how it's going to lay on the couch, whether it's horizontal or vertical."
"Hey, hi."
I'm Tim Gipson.
"There's a depth adjustment knob, which is here, and then there's also an angle lever here."
"The angle will actually....it controls the tilt of the blade to make sure that you're getting a nice, even cut."
"And we want to actually adjust this so that when we plane our board, we actually get a paper thin shaving of wood off our...our piece."
"Now when we're starting to plane, we want to firmly hold the handle and the knob, and when we start our stroke, we want to make sure that the pressure is on the toe."
This keeps you from taking too big of a cut on your entrance.
"And then when you finish your cut, you're going to finish with your pressure on your heel."
"And again, that allows you to take a nice, even cut."
"And you want to make nice, long, even strokes when you do this."
Okay?
"So with a nice, long, even stroke you should be able to take and plane off a full section, just like that."
I'm going to talk to you about how you use a hand plane.
"And the other thing to keep in mind is make sure that when you're...the piece that you're planing, that it's clamped in some kind of vice."
In this case I've got a table vice that I'm using and I've actually got the piece where it's elevated just a little bit.
And that'll help you in making sure that you make good cuts with your plane.
"So I'm Tim Gipson, and that's how to use a hand plane."
Now a hand plane is a very useful tool when you actually want to smooth out or take a curve out of the edge of the board.
"Typically you'll do this when you want to take two boards, such as this, and you want to glue them up to make a larger panel."
"Now the important thing when you get ready to use a hand plane is, on the blade, you want to make sure you always start with a sharp blade."
"So, if...it's recommended before you start using your plane that you take your blade and you hone it."
"And you can hone it on any kind of a sharpening block with a little bit of oil, which, this one's ready to go."
"Now, the next thing you want to do, is, you want to check the setting of your blade."
"And the best way to do this is to actually look down your plane, and there are two adjustment knobs."
I like the basic premise of U-Line.
"So build upon it and add sleeves, add a different neckline."
Add anything that you want to add that makes it intrinsically yours and don't be afraid to try things ever.
No matter what anybody might say about it.
Just don't be afraid.
Do what you love.
What shape do I want my sleeves to be in?
A shape is just the jump off point for a design.
This is U-Line.
"You decide, I like the way that looks."
The last thing we need to do is the lips and then this look is complete.
"Again, we're sticking with natural, obviously, so I'm using a very, very neutral lip liner."
"If you have very small lips, you can go a little over your natural lip line."
Then you want to fill in the whole entire lip.
Just kind of like you're drawing with a crayon.
The whole lip needs to be filled in with this color.
That's going to keep it looking blended.
It's going to keep your lipstick on longer.
It's going to take all the color out in your lips and we're going to create that very neutral lip look.
It's kind of a nude color.
"Very, very neutral."
That's what you want to use.
"You don't want to use anything that has too much color, that's going to give too much definition or a line."
You want it to blend completely.
"This is a nice creamy lip liner also, so it's going to go on nice and smooth."
What you want to do is you want to line the entire lip.
Just outline your natural lip line.
Alright in this clip we're going to be drawing the kings robe.
"I would say for this one, go ahead and put away the old fine tip pen, and break out, if you have one, something a little bit thicker."
We'll come in here and add some details.
Now make that robe flow a bit.
Just add a few flowing lines.
"Move over here, do the same and come up like this, some real little flowing lines, just like that, to really just add character to the robe, like that."
That's looking interesting.
Like that.
I use the Rectractable Sharpie for these types of things.
"And we're not going to draw anything too crazy, nothing flowing really."
"Kind of come down, like so."
"We'll make it, comes all the way to the ground like that, along this side, really sort of call attention to it, like right there."
"Now if we want to, we can go in here and like create sort of a shadow, like between- create a really big difference, between the robe and the outer part of his clothes, we can do that if we wanted to."
"I won't go into too much detail there, you kind of see what the possibilities are, as far as that's concerned."
"And what we'll do actually, we'll make this robe sort of coming out to the side like this."
"So, now we'll get the other pen again, something a little less bold."
"Now, this really smooths out the skin."
"And you have to rub it in really good, obviously, because it looks like milk and you don't want to go out with anything white on you."
"And honestly, you can rub it all over."
"And you'll see, in about 20 minutes, how smooth and soft your skin feels."
"Every time I wear this and somebody touches my skin, they say how soft it feels."
"So, just rub it in really well."
"And you can--and the great thing is also, I mean, you can use this on your face--here, lay back a little bit."
You can rub it into your face as well.
And it's not oily so you're not going to have any of that build-up.
"It's just a nice, soothing feel."
I'll show you an alternative to this as well.
I love the milk products.
Here we go.
"I mean, there are a lot of body creams out there and I'm going to show you a couple of those also."
But the milk--the reason why the milk is so great is because of the proteins and the vitamins in it that most of the lotions don't have.
"So, make sure you get the milk."
There are a couple of different variations you can get.
Go to your local beauty store.
"That milk product was only about $12.99. So, you can find them high end or low end. Just make sure when you read the back that it says, ""Proteins and vitamins A, D and E"" in it."
If you have a piece of paper fold it like a fan in and out like this and hold it in the middle.
Stretch it out so it looks like a bow we'll start with the bad guy the lady and the hero.
"You must pay the rent, but I can't pay the rent, you must pay the rent, but I can't pay the rent you must pay the rent, but I can't pay the rent, I'll pay the rent, my hero curses foiled again."
"Now we're going to do twinkle twinkle little star now Ome is here to help us Twinkle twinkle little star how I wonder what you are up above the world so high like a diamond in the sky, twinkle twinkle little start how wonder what you are."
"So, I'm going to do is all the four basic punches together."
"Again, jab and cross, hook and up."
"Now, when this goes pretty fast."
"Again, if your doing this to music which is definitely a lot more fun."
If your doing this to music you want your feet to stomp with the music.
"Jab, cross, hook, up."
"Jab, cross, hook, up."
"Remember, to keep those feet lifting up off the ground."
"Jab, cross, hook, up."
You don't want them to ever stay planted.
"Remember, the knees."
"Jab, cross, hook, uppercut."
You don't want those to tweak.
So picking them up.
"Jab, cross, hook, up."
"Jab, cross, hook, up."
You want to make sure were picking the feet up.
"Cause again, feet planted not so good."
"So, your going to get your guard up."
"Were prepped , were ready to go."
Start with a jab then we go into a cross.
Then we go into a hook.
"And, then to an upper cut."
Try it with a little tempo.
Good jab and cross and hook and upper.
"Alright, the drink we are about to make is called Crocodile and let's go ahead and put our ice in a glass here and measure out one shot of melon liqueur for that Crocodile green color."
And half a shot of Bacardi Limon.
Bottoms up.
"And next we'll add, fill the rest of the way with some lemon-lime soda."
There we go.
And we're just going to mix this up real well.
We got a nice Crocodile green color.
Get everything blended.
"You don't want to shake this, obviously with the carbonation in the soda, you're going to have Crocodile all over you."
And let's go ahead a get our glass here and we'll dump the Crocodile into the glass.
"And I'm going to dedicate this drink to the Crocodile Hunter and give a nice little ""Crikey""."
"So, here we have the harness, and the harness is the lifeline between the person and the dog."
"So, here we have the harness, and Greg's going to show how the dog puts his head through the harness."
"Stay, come on, harness."
Good.
Wow.
"So, Greg's put the harness on and then does the buckle up."
"The handle then, is obviously rigid, so that the handler can feel which way the dog is going."
"So, a bit like the steering wheel of a car, if you feel the dog pulling to the left, then you follow the dog as quickly as you can, and equally if it cuts across you to the right."
"Tool steel, in other words, what the type of steel the chisel is made out of is very important."
Now in days we want to shoot for high speed steel.
"And most the time you can see that, if you look, (hopefully you can pick this up here) but you'll see high speed, it'll usually be stamped right on it."
"Now what that is, is a specific type of tool steel that holds up very well to grinding."
"In other words if you blew when you grind it, if you blew the edge, it won't lose it's temper, that's probably the most important thing."
"The next most important thing about high speed tool steel, is that when you- it has good wear resistance on it."
"Now the tools that we have, probably 30 or 40 years ago, if you've got some that are that old, and it's not hard to have, because if you've kept a lathe for a number of years, you usually had a set of tools, it came with carbon steel."
And this material it's a plunge bra and this material on this bra is again silky smooth.
"It comes in a variety of colors and again wonderful underneath a t-shirt, a sweater, you name it."
This is what we typically call a t-shirt bra; and just a great all over fit and coverage.
And again the material is really what makes this so special because it is so smooth.
And secondly we have another basic t-shirt bra again but this time it's just in cotton.
And again it's a plunge bra and it has the underwire and no padding.
And you know it just is really good underneath t-shirts as well but it's probably our second choice recommendation.
"And then third we have again another, what we call t-shirt bra, but this time it does not have any underwire."
A lot of our customers more and more frequently request a bra that does not have underwire but this does give the support that people need because of the band underneath the breast it is sewn in such a way so that you do get the support you need without underwire.
Alright let's talk about aperture priority mode on the Canon 40D.
"This is one of the creative zone modes that is available on your dial, on your mode dial over here."
"If I scroll the other direction to decrease the aperture it, it's kind of tricky because when you increase your aperture or when your decrease your aperture, making it a smaller hole, making less light come into the camera."
"The number that indicates that aperture actually increases so it's, they're a, they're kind of opposite."
So I'm scrolling up here through larger numbers for aperture.
So I'm going to go ahead and leave my aperture there.
"On the top of the camera on the left side if you turn the dial, right now we're in shutter priority mode or T.V."
Press the shutter half way down and go ahead and take the shot and that will give me a appropriate exposure.
There was not any blinking on my shutter setting.
So yeah check it out.
"mode and what we're going to do is turn the dial clockwise and now we're set to aperture priority mode which is indicated by upper case A lower case v, right next to a white marking on the top of the body there."
"This mode basically allows the user control of the aperture in order to maintain a depth of field that is appropriate for the subject and what, what it does is gives you, it gives you the ability to manually set the aperture on your camera and the way to do that is by focusing your camera on the subject, press the shutter button half way down and your camera will give you a aperture setting and a shutter speed setting and to change the aperture setting in aperture priority mode what you need to do is hold down the shutter half way and then scroll to the right or to the left with the main control dial."
By scrolling to the left I'm increasing the aperture.
The maximum aperture that I have on this camera with a 35 millimeter lens is a 1.4 F stop.
"That's the widest or the most light I can let into the camera and at this setting the depth of field will be very, very small."
I mean really razor thin millimeter.
"Somebody's the tip of somebody's nose at 1.4 F stop and you can see right now on my LCD screen that I will actually achieve a, I'm, I'm able to achieve a appropriate exposure because the shutter speed automatically compensates to only five hundred, one five hundredths of a second and that should give me the appropriate exposure."
"Hi, my name is Lauren, and today, I'm going to go over how to keep from going bald."
There are many things that you can do within today's society in order to maintain the hair that you have in order to keep it.
"You would simply massage it into your scalp and hair for about...and leave it on for about a half an hour, and then you would rinse it out."
"Almond oil is also a great way to keep the hair that you have and to help grow more hair. You, again, would massage this into your scalp and for...I usually would massage for about 10 to 15 minutes."
It really promotes blood circulation when you stimulate your scalp and you move it.
Massage is pretty important because it opens up that blood flow and it also helps unrestrict your pores.
"Apple cider vinegar and sage tea, you can use as a rinse."
"That will help your hair grow, so it'll help you keep the hair that you have and have it grow very healthy."
"Also, you may want to consult your doctor if you continue to experience hair loss."
"Consulting your doctor would also help, whether or not it is from any medications that you're on for you to be losing your hair or any sort of vitamin deficiencies."
Your doctor will be able to figure out what could be the internal cause of your hair loss and lead you in the right direction in order to prevent any more hair loss.
"There is a shampooing system called Nioxin, which actually helps stimulate the hair follicle and helps your hair grow."
And that is how you prevent from going bald.
You use it as a regular...it's a three-step process that you can use.
"You can buy it at many different beauty destinations, and you would just simply shampoo, condition, and use it on a daily basis in order to keep the hair that you have and grow in more hair per follicle."
Rogaine is also another great choice.
It is a treatment that you would use.
It is a mousse treatment that you put on your hair.
It will also help you grow hair by stimulating your scalp.
A home remedy would be honey mixed with egg yolk.
Welcome!
This section is called providing great customer service.
It is very difficult to do it sometimes when you have all this coming at you at once.
We just want to take a moment to discuss distractions.
"Now when you are working in a customer service oriented business, it doesn't really matter where you are."
"Whether you are in a convenient store, if you are in the service industry like I am right now."
"If you are in an electronics store, it really doesn't matter."
It is very easy to be distracted.
"Now in the office environment where I work, if I am working on a spread sheet for example and a customer walks in, it is very easy to try and finish doing what I was doing before the customer came in."
"There are also ringing phones, there are other employees who might need their attention."
For you folks out there thinking about buying a telescope for your own use or the use of your children or whatever.
I often recommend a small refractor such as this.
It has a objective lens in the front to guide as a light.
An eye piece back here that magnifies light.
It also has what we call a star diagonal so that when you're looking up in the sky you're not straining your neck too much.
"Hi, my name is Jessica Claire, and I'm a dating coach for New York Dating Coach, and we're here in New York City."
"Secondly, she'll lean in, or show herself off."
"She might open her arms wider, or touch her hair, or touch her body, or her face."
"Either way, if she's touching herself, and she's close to you, it's almost always true that she's interested."
How to know if she's not interested?
She'll walk away.
"She'll close herself off, and she won't look at you."
"This is Jessica Claire, with New York Dating Coach, and this has been, how to know if a girl likes you."
"Clue number one, she's looking at you."
"Not just at your eyes, or your face, but at your body."
"Women almost always go about what they're interested in, so if she's giving you a couple of looks, that's a good indicator."
"Secondly, she'll position herself nearest to you."
"If you're in a bar or a club, guaranteed she will have touched you, if she's interested in you."
"Whether it be your arm, or your leg, a girl almost always makes contact with someone that she's interested in."
"Underwear is really, really important when you're backpacking, it's really, really important to know not to bring cotton underwear."
"If you bring cotton underwear in addition to it if it gets wet because of raining or whatever a, it's going to stay wet."
And you also have the problem of potential chaffing because you are walking a lot of miles every day and so that could cause some real discomfort.
In this clip I'm going to show you a great resource on the internet for your family and it's called iGoogle.
We also can add a page for our child where they can add different games and things to their page as well.
"Once we have this all customized and set up the way we want it, this would be a good page to save as your homepage so that your child is direct to this page every time they get on the internet."
So we go to the internet and we type in www.igoogle.com.
They have set up a web page that you can customize to your own and then save it and put a password on it so you and your family can access it.
Once we're here we're going to go to make it your own.
So we're going to click on that and now it's going to let us decide what we want on our google page on our iGoogle.
"I would like the calendar and I like the weather, but for my kids I don't want all the news popping up, because some of that is not child friendly."
"But I do want to add bookmarks and this is going to let us save our kids websites, links to their websites on this page."
"Once I have clicked on what I do want and don't want, I click show my page."
"Now, our page is very basic here, but it just has a place for us to add bookmarks, has a our calendar and our weather."
Now we got to take the slack out of this cable.
"Remember we put the pin down to engage the winch, we want to pull the cable."
"Make sure you keep your hands, fingers or anything away from this area or it will pull your fingers in right with it."
"Pushing the button up it's going to pull the cable in, we're just going to get the cable so it's tight, not with a lot of pressure on but there's not any slack in the line."
"And then we are going to take the vehicle out of drive, put it into neutral, we want to leave the key forward so we can steer the vehicle to make sure we get it centered on the trailer properly."
And then we are ready to winch it up.
"Now as we are pulling the vehicle onto the trailer, until the trailer, the vehicle starts going up the ramp, there might be a little slack in the cable."
"You might want to do the same thing, have gloves on, just kind of hold the cable keep it taught as you start pulling it up."
It should feel like a nice relaxed stretch.
"So that- and to come back up, I'm just going to stand back up on my leg."
That is a runner's stretch in the modern dance style.
"And then you're simply going to push down, into the pot."
You're going to want to get a little bit of water in that.
"To reduce your friction. And you're going to push down, so you have about half an inch. On the bottom of the pot."
"Now this is, this is something, why you just kind of, learn. Where that is. It's a trial and error process."
"But once you get good at it, you'll just be able to push down."
"And you'll know, pretty much where you are."
Now the next step is opening the form.
"And we do that, with what's called the claw."
And you use your hand like this.
And you put it inside the pot.
"And what I'm going to be doing, is pushing down."
And pulling towards me.
And this is going to open the form and create the base of the pot.
"And so, here we go."
You just pull out and down.
You can see how that clay is just being forced into the position.
"Now on a plant pot, the inside here needs to be pretty wide."
Because you want a nice base for the pot to sit on.
So part of opening the pot is forming your inside of your pot.
"In this case, a plant pot."
"And you know, I use this finger here."
As I'm gripping to create a nice edge on the inside.
And there we go.
"We've now, we've entered and opened this form."
"And the next part of what we're going to do, is pulling the clay up into the walls."
And then we're going to shape the pot.
"And we're going to show you that, next."
"If you have a machine that is broken or not working properly, the two choices you have are to either not use the tool or to get it fixed."
"Before you use any tool, you want to thoroughly inspect the cord, the cord is the lifeline of your tool, it will keep you from getting injured and it will make sure that your tool is working properly."
"And lastly, before you use any tool, you want to make sure that the guards are properly placed and in good working condition for the tool that you are going to be working on."
"Now, a sheet bend is another bend that we can put into a rope."
"Once again, a bend is a rope that are not that you tie into a rope that is easy to untie, because most times when you put a knot in there you really can't untie them too well."
"The problem with a sheet bend is that it does reduce the strength of the rope by fifty-five percent, or the strength of the line by fifty-five percent."
"And it also not good though, if you have a sudden jerk, it will come loose."
"So, just remember that whenever you're tying this one."
"If you look down here at the table, you can see that I have a rope here, my blue line comes in, I've already made a loop in it here."
I'm just going to pull these two ropes together to make this loop a little more pizzazz.
"And I'm going to take the working end of my red rope and it's going to go under, in here."
"Then I?m going to take it over the outside line, like so."
"And just loop it back under my loop, and over and through, like so."
"Now, there's an image of this half face on that DVD."
I could cut that out more so as a square like it's shown on that painting up there.
"And then on top of that, I could take some heavy embossing powder and I could melt it in a melting pot like this here."
"And once it was all melted, I could take the melted fluid and pour it on top of the DVD to create a totally different effect on top and then I set that into the painting."
"So, that's just one of the many effects on this painting that I thought I would talk to you about."
And I thought I'd just show you a couple ideas that I have in there.
"For one, it's got a lot of gels, transparent gels that I have painted on top of the wax and they come in art stores different--there's transparent, then there's marbled effects on the different gels and I've used that, painted it on top of the wax and on some cases there, I've actually dusted that when it was wet with some metallic powders just to get some different looks."
"So, this is one thing that's in there."
Another thing that is kind of interesting is that I took a DVD like this.
"I took an embossing gun and I heated the DVD and once you heat that DVD, you can then take a pair of scissors and actually cut that DVD up like that."
"So, once you have a piece of that DVD cut out, you could then take a rubber stamp."
And you could stamp an image on that DVD like this.
The very first cast we're going to cover is the Roll cast.
"And, the reason why we have a Roll cast and how it got it's name is the cast occurs because the line is rolling along the water."
"The other thing that the Roll cast does for you, it builds upon how the line and the rod relationship work."
"And, what it amounts to, is every cast starts out with a tempo or a speed."
"So, you start out slow, you go medium, and then you finish with a quick stroke."
"So, that enables the line to transfer the energy to the rod, and then with the stop, the line goes off the end."
"So, it's slow, medium, quick to a stop."
"Now, I mentioned the word stop."
"Stop is where the transfers of energy occurs off of the rod tip and then that, by stopping the rod, the line pivots off the end and keeps going."
The stop is one of the most important things in a fly cast.
So now let's cover the basics and build upon the Roll cast.
I might also mention that a lot of people think that they should cover the overhead cast first.
In this case we will build and demonstrate using the example of the grass.
"Well, the overhead cast, it gets to a back cast and a forward cast, so you're learning two things."
That's why I think it's so important to cover the Roll cast first.
So you understand the speed of the cast and the importance of the stop.
So now let's build upon that and start our demonstration.
The basis of every cast is every cast needs to start with the tip down.
"The reason that, the reason why that is so important is because as you begin to lift the rod up the line will begin to bend the tip of the rod."
"So every cast, no matter what cast you start, should begin with the tip in the water, or in this case, on the ground."
The lift is one of the most important things that goes into every single cast.
"So what we're going to do is we're going to lift our arms, straight like this here, and then what we're going to do is we're going to bring the rod back."
"If you bring the rod back, then essentially, the line will begin to load from the rod coming back."
"Also, what the Roll cast provides is the opportunity to cast and fish when there's bushes or obstructions behind you or along side of you, you can still fish."
"Now what we're going to do, as we lift it back to this position, what we're going to do is we're going to slide the line back behind us."
Did you see how I slid it back?
Sliding back is the most important thing.
"Essentially, if you raise it up, then the wind could catch it and put your fly right back into the bushes."
"So, now we are in to what you'd call the key position for setting up the Roll cast."
You'll notice here that the distance between the rod and my forearm or wrist is 45 degrees.
That enables a nice casting stroke.
"You start out slow, we go medium, and then we finish fast and the line goes out."
"OKay, now I'll just pick up the tempo so you can see this."
"There's a lift, it comes back, it goes up in to the key position, there's your 45, slow, medium, quick, and the cast goes out."
"Where, is if you only learn the overhead cast first, which the line goes up in the air behind you, you can see what happens is the line would go right up in the bushes and you'd have to essentially spend the money to get another fly, you take the time, you'd lose your leader and everything else."
"What you notice, there, is the smoothness that occurs in the cast and how I transitioned my weight."
First from the back foot into the forward foot.
"Lift, back, the rod comes up to the 45 degree position, the upper arms is level, now we will do the cast."
What you'll notice is that I go into the cast from the back position to the slow to the forward.
"Now, this 45 degree angle maintains as we go into the casting stroke."
"So now we have the slow, the medium, now what we're going to do we're going to finish with a flick of the wrist and that will send the line on its way."
Flick.
See it go on its way?
OKay.
That is the basics of the good Roll cast.
"So, to properly learn the Roll cast is one of the most advantages that you have."
"In fact, as a guide and outfitter, I can tell you from talking to fellow guides, is most people on guide trips do not even know what the Roll cast is."
Seventy percent do not.
OKay?
"So, what we're going to do is we are going to start out with the Roll cast because what the Roll cast provides for you is the forward movement of every single cast."
O.k.
"so we're throwing a corked bottle today and the first step of throwing a corked bottle, here's our cork here."
The first step is to center the clay.
"I'm now just going to take one of these rib tools we talked about earlier, with a right angled edge, and I'm just going to trim any excess off the base of the centered lump of clay."
"O.k., so now we have the lump of clay centered."
The next part of the process in throwing our corked bottle is going to be entering the clay and opening the pot.
And we're going to do that in the next segment.
Now what I like to do first is get some water on my piece of clay.
This makes the hands slide over it nice and easily like that.
The next thing I like to do is simply push the clay down on to the bat just to make sure I have it nice and secure on there.
You certainly don't want this piece of clay moving around.
"So I just push down with this hand, hold it in place with this and simply push it down on to the bat."
The next thing to consider is the type of life vest that you are going to be using.
You want one that will fit snuggly around your chest so it doesn't ride up on you when you're in the water.
"It's a smaller vest, but it fastens the same way with the clips."
"It's just a little bit easier, they're a little smaller."
"It's the same type of thing, PFD 2 Approved."
It's something that needs to be cleaned up a little bit.
It also has to be a PFD 2 Coast Guard Approved life vest.
This one here has a zipper and clips as well.
The clips fit securely in and keep it from riding up on you.
"It's available in a variety of colors, it's just a personal preference."
"For those of you in salt water, the life vest- you want to rinse it with clean, fresh water."
"The salt water is like acid, it will eat right through the fabric."
"Again, you want to store this in a dry, shady area, indoors preferably."
This particular life vest is for a child.
"As you saw when I showed you the wall, there is many many colors to choose from."
"Although you may have a yellow room and you put this yellow frame down on this picture, it just doesn't work."
The color you need to think about your colors when you're picking a picture.
The best way to do that is to pull it down through here if you see the frame more than what you see the picture then you probably know that you have the wrong frame.
"As I pull these down through here, you see only the frame, you hardly see the picture at all."
To where if I put this one here you start to see these colors that are in the picture and you see the frame but you see the picture more.
"The picture has no gold in it but that little bit of gold if you have gold in your room that will help pull your room back together, that is a very nice look on this picture."
"It dresses it up quite nicely without going overboard, without going too modern or up to date."
This kind of gives it a rustic country feel so therefore that's why it works better.
SHERYL MCGLOCHLIN: Hi.
"If you were to just keep fire in there, your fire-- your campfire would go out pretty quick."
So you do want to make sure you've got logs in there and they will start to catch on fire soon.
"We've added logs, we're going to add a little bit more kindling, and we're going to go ahead and light a match and we're just going to make sure we kind of get this thing going a little bit, and then we'll be able to add more logs as we do this."
"So, Oscar, go ahead and light a match and let's see if we can actually make a fire going."
You know there's going to be different weather conditions that play a factor in this also.
"If there is a lot of wind, then this shape that I have right now, this container is going to help a lot because wind will blow out your fire faster than anything and you want to make sure that you get that fire started, and that's where the kindling and the newspaper were heading."
Let me going to go ahead and get this match started.
We're going to start it in a couple of different places.
Some people think that they can just keep a fire going with just paper.
But that is not the case.
You've been in a situation where someone is called on to give a speech and it is obvious they haven't thought about where they are going with their words.
They go all over the place.
That's not an airplane flight.
You want a nice smooth take off and you get up to your altitude and then it is not uncommon for a plane to make 2 or 3 course corrections as they vector to one place and then they vector over to this one and then they finally land nice and smoothly.
That is what a good speech does whether you are only speaking for 5 minutes or you have 15 minutes.
Think of terms of an airplane flight.
"Get a nice smooth beginning, that's your introduction, 2 or 3 points of the flight in a nice nice landing."
"When you keep that in mind, you can make a great speech and I will show you how to put those parts together."
"They bring in 4 or 5 different ideas, they try some humor that doesn't land home and then they kind of crash and burn."
I've learned that there is a simple metaphor.
"If you keep this in mind when you have to make a speech whether you have 2 months to prepare for it or 2 minutes, this will help you really make it go smoothly."
"Think in terms of a speech like an airplane flight. All airplane flight have 3 basic parts to them. They have a take off, they have a flight and they have a nice smooth landing."
Now here is what you don't want on an airplane flight.
You don't want them going all over the place down a runway and all of a sudden they fire up in the air and then they jerk you all around in this flight and then they crash land.
"Lets talk about how to set the drag on the reel on your jig rod now and this is a very, very important thing that not a lot of people always think about but it's imperative to not only hooking fish but also landing then effectively and really all the drag is."
"Is determining how much tension is on, is on that reel."
How easy it is for a fish to take out the line and with most basic models the way to set the drag is actually right here on top of the reel and you just turn this clockwise to tighten the drag and counter clockwise to loosen the drag.
Occasionally your reels might have their drag setting on the back but what I like to do is start with it at a low setting and you can hear the drag and when it's easy to pull out like that.
That to me is too loose you want start to click that up a little bit.
Tighten it up a bit test it some more.
You want to be able to just pull out an inch or two of line with enough firm pressure.
So that if you do get a big fish the fish is able to take line easily without breaking your line but at the same time it's not so easy that you can't not set the hook on the fish.
"Hello, I'm Sifu Mallon with the Clearwater Kung Fu Center."
"This is my assistant, Melissa, and this is women's self defense."
She neutralizes by pulling the inside hand down.
"Okay, she steps back, she groin strikes, one, two, lift, punch."
"Now this push, this wedge push as it is coming up is going to come from here and it is going to be more of not like a touch and shove but more like a jab, quick strike."
This is how we do women's self defense.
This self defense tactic is going against the hold.
This is called front head hold so meaning I've got her head in a lock in front of the body.
So what she is going to do is the first thing she is going to do is she is going to neutralize this.
She is going to use the free hand and she is going to grab and pull down on my forearm so I can't lift and get my arch and choke her this way.
"Now as she does this she steps back, getting a nice base and now she is going to fire two, one, two, fast groin strikes, then she is going to open her hand and do what is called the wedge strike."
A wedge strike is where you are using the inside web or the wedge of your hand this way.
"She is going to straight up this way, push and lift, that way."
"Again, so I come forward, I attack this way, grabbing her head."
"Hi, this is Phillip Toriello, and this is how to do the flip turn while doing your backstroke."
The preparation of the backstroke begins once you see the backstroke flags hanging approximately five yards from the wall.
"The reason why they're there is to go ahead and indicate that the wall is coming up, to spare you any sort of injury to your head and your fingers."
"People have jammed their fingers plenty on those walls, and have bumped their heads."
"So once you see those flags, you're going to, you're going to go ahead and work with the approximate five strokes from the wall, and on that fifth stroke, you're going to go ahead and rotate onto your belly, pull one freestyle pull into your somersault or your freestyle flip turn, plant those feet; like we talked about before, push off in a streamline fashion, and stay on your back."
"Give yourself a couple dolphin kicks to propel you through the water, and after about the third dolphin kick, surface and go right back into your thumb out, pinkie in, bend that elbow, and push."
"For more questions on backstroke and backstroke flip turns, please contact your local swimming expert."
"The letter G. We're going to, again, look at two different G's."
"The first one, very similar to the beginning of the C and the E, going to make that curving stroke."
So just starting and fitting it into the space.
The second stroke is the cap.
"And the third stroke, I'm going to come down here, I'm going to turn my pen just a little bit and I'm going to pull a dagger stroke it's called."
"And, we're going to talk about those dagger strokes a bit more a little further along, because they're characteristic."
What I'm doing is I'm twisting the pen as I pull it down.
"But don't worry if you don't quite get that movement, you can also make a stroke like that with a G. Another G, is to make a closed G, very much like the letter A and bring a tail down here."
Now let's talk about the use of honey in natural facial cleansers.
"Honey is a natural antiseptic, and research has also found it to be a natural antibacterial agent."
Milk can be very softening and soothing.
It's also very hydrating.
The vitamins A and D that can be found in milk are good for you complexion.
"In fact, Cleopatra was known to soak in milk baths to help her complexion."
"Instead of using cows milk, you can use soy milk as well."
Soy milk is rich in vitamins and proteins that are known to stimulate circulation.
"Soy milk also has the natural estrogens that can be very, very good for your complexion."
"Milk can be an allergen for some people, so make sure that you feel comfortable using milk in your recipes."
Both of these properties help to fight acne.
"As we talked about before, acne is created or caused by bacteria."
And honey is also used in open wounds.
Many people use this instead of using the commercial creams because of the antiseptic and antibacterial properties.
"Honey can be moisturizing, soothing, and softening, and the sugar in honey also helps to gently ex-foliate to remove some of the dead skin."
"Honey can be an allergen to some people but you can reduced this allergic reaction by buying organic, local honey."
"The reason for this is that you are already used to the local pollens in the air, and the bees use those to create the honey."
Now let's talk about the use of milk in facial cleansers.
Now we're going to take our hand that we finished cutting out of our black construction paper.
"And again, we did it with our palm down and we used our fingers as a guide."
"So when we open this up now we have eight legs, one on each side for the spider and this is going to act as our spider body."
We're going to be placing googley eyes and fangs.
We're also going to have a small diamond here.
Next I'm going to show you how to make the spider really come to life.
"OK, so I've been giving you a breakdown on the copper foiling as far as materials for your foiled glass project."
"We have gone through the black backed copper foiling, the regular copper foiling, the silver back."
"Also, there is a gold back and a brass back as well and a right now what I would like to share with you is about our copper sheeting."
"The next move I'm going to show you is called ""walking a veil""."
"With this, it's done with very much intention."
The veil is pretty much staying on the floor and you're actually kind of walking it.
"So what you want to do is you want to do serpent arms, you want to bring your elbow up, wrist, fingers, elbow, wrist, fingers."
"Hello, this is JB."
"I'm with Austin Home Brew Supply here in Austin, Texas, and today we are talking about wine making equipment."
And specifically right now I want to talk about degassing your finished wine.
"When you're making wine, one of the things that will happen at the end of the fermentation process is there'll be a lot of dissolved gas in the wine."
"Now, as you know, when you serve a bottle of still wine--we're not talking about sparkling, we're not talking about champagne, we're talking about standard still wine, chardonnay, Cabernet sauvignon, what have you, there shouldn't be any dissolved gas within this wine once it's bottled."
"So, as a home wine maker, you need to dry that gas out of the finished product before you put it into bottles."
How do you do that?
There's a few different techniques.
I'm going to show you the basic techniques.
The most basic of techniques is to simply use a spoon like this to degas the wine.
I'm going to come into the rolling pin to further open up her shoulders and stretch that trapezius muscle.
I'm going to use a pillow here.
Let the palm be up when you're done.
"Start with the palm down, bringing the palm up."
"Kind of move position, a little higher and a little lower until you completely relax the shoulder, open up that trapezi muscle, feels really good."
I'm going to place it between us.
"I'm going to come into the warrior stance and place her arm, the opposite arm that I'll be working on over my leg so she's comfortable."
Tilting your head slightly off the sides.
"And then place the arm on the shoulders and then start gently rolling it out, rolling it out, and rolling it out."
Starting from the base of the neck and roll out to before you feel that shoulder bone.
"If you've got a real skinny person that has nice little boney shoulder, make sure you never press directly onto that bone."
Keep rolling it out and rolling it out.
Think of a nice rolling pin.
We're going to be showing you and explaining and teaching some salsa basics and techniques and how to enjoy salsa dancing on every dance floor you may go.
We're going to be showing you and explaining and teaching some salsa basics and techniques and how to enjoy salsa dancing on every dance floor you may go.
"Okay, one more time."
"Okay, one more time."
Spotting your partner.
Spotting your partner.
Nice.
Nice.
"And the footwork for the ladies with one basic one under arm turn in 4 measures is quick, quick, slow, quick, quick, slow, quick, quick, slow, and quick, quick, slow."
"And the footwork for the ladies with one basic one under arm turn in 4 measures is quick, quick, slow, quick, quick, slow, quick, quick, slow, and quick, quick, slow."
"Repeat we have 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 2, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8."
"Repeat we have 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 2, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8."
"One more time, we have quick, quick, slow, quick, quick, slow, quick, quick, slow, and quick, quick, slow."
"One more time, we have quick, quick, slow, quick, quick, slow, quick, quick, slow, and quick, quick, slow."
"Ladies, whenever you're being lead into an underarm turn, you're going to want to spot your partner."
"Ladies, whenever you're being lead into an underarm turn, you're going to want to spot your partner."
"That way instead of turning and looking around the room, you'll get dizzy that way."
"That way instead of turning and looking around the room, you'll get dizzy that way."
So what you're going to do is keep your eyes on your partner.
So what you're going to do is keep your eyes on your partner.
"So when you see his hand go up, you know you're going to turn."
"So when you see his hand go up, you know you're going to turn."
"So you're going to look at him, keep your head looking at him, and then bring it back around."
"So you're going to look at him, keep your head looking at him, and then bring it back around."
"Hi, I'm Jeanna Rock and we are discussing how to organize a book group."
"In a few hours this room will be full of women eager to discuss our latest book, The Book Thief."
"We're going to chat for a few minutes, eat some good food."
"Sometimes we argue, sometimes we laugh."
"We argue about whether we like the book or not but always, it's a very stimulating conversation and we all walk away feeling much better about our friendship that we've developed through our book group."
"So you got fine, thin hair, it's straight."
A lot of the time I hear that complaint.
"I'm Laura Gibson, hair expert and I'm here to teach you about fine hair and curling irons."
"Curling iron is usually a good option to give your hair some texture, but it can also be very dangerous."
"Sometimes you don't know and its oops, my hair's burnt, I don't know what to do."
Well I can help you avoid that.
"So what you're going to want to do is when you go to shop for a curling iron, make sure it has a temperature gauge and if your hair is super fine, you're going to want to keep it at a low temperature because you don't really need all that heat."
It's just going to fry your hair.
"Fine hair tends to be a little more sensitive than someone with thick, coarse hair like mine."
"JOHNNY MILES: In this clip, I'm going to talk about a great drill to do in a bunker to practice your green-side bunker shots."
"Seeing all you're trying to do is get the ball to come out on a cushion of sand, you need to take your focus away from the ball and get it onto the sand where you're just splashing the sand out from underneath the ball."
One of the best drills I know for it is a set-up--here just draw a line in the sand with your club and put a couple of golf balls at the far end of that line.
"Get set up to the line like there was a ball there and focusing on the line, dig your feet in a little bit and just splash the sand out with the club entering the sand right around the line."
Do that a couple of times for practice.
"And then when you get to the ball, don't focus on the ball, just look at the line and splash the sand off."
Just splash the sand off.
INTERVIEWER: That takes your mental look off the ball?
"DAVID ANDERSON: That takes your focus off of the golf ball, puts it onto the sand and you splashing the sand out from underneath the ball and that's what gets the ball onto the green."
"Hi, my name is Lauren, and today I'm here to discuss how to bond human hair."
"There are two types of extensions that you can use: synthetic, which will probably be your least expensive, however not as durable as your natural hair; your natural hair extensions are made of the same keratin proteins that your hair is actually made of, and can undergo the same thermal tools and styling that your natural hair can go through."
"Bonding, you can either use a glue or a wax, and what you're going to do is you're going to grab a small section of hair, and then add your piece up at the root of your hair, then they use protein bonds or glues in order to bond that part to the rest of your hair."
"So it is bonded by the root of your hair, and then you can actually either add length to your own natural hair, or you can add volume to your natural hair."
"The actual process of bonding, because of the size of the sections you are taking, which are very, very small, you're going to take very small bunches of hair in order to create that bond -- it's a very time consuming process, and it'll probably take anywhere from three to five hours in order to do your entire head, to get the desired length that you need, or the desired amount of volume that you need."
Another thing that is to know about bonding hair is that you are to have an upkeep with bonding hair.
"You will probably every like two to three months have to go back to your stylist, have some of those bonds removed and then replace the hair."
"As your hair grows, those bonds also grow down your hair shaft, so you do need to replace them and there is a good amount of upkeep and maintenance involved."
That is how to bond natural hair.
"Getting someone back in the boat midstream or on some flat water without taking the machine to shore, it is something that you may need to do on larger bigger volume rivers where you may not be able to get them to shore in time for the next rapid or if you are in just a large body of water and you need to get them back in, otherwise taking them to shore is going to take up too much energy and time."
"When you are doing this, make sure that you've got the swimmer's full cooperation."
"If they are panicking in any way, you are going to need to calm them down before hand and that could take some time."
"Once you've got them to the side of the boat, you are going to empty the boat over the cockpit of yours just like we did in the last shoot and then you are going to take that person and they are going to take the grab loop of that spray skirt, put it in their teeth so that it doesn't catch on to their end of their boat and then they are going to climb up the back of their boat while you are holding onto the front of the boat to keep it steady."
"At which point keeping their weight low, they will straddle the boat, slide into the cockpit and you can get them back in, passing their paddle and you are off and away."
My name is Abby Jones and I'm talking about the process of moving into a new space and right now we're talking about moving into and organizing your new kitchen and specifically right now where I'm keeping my cutting boards and where are good places to keep your cutting boards.
I have several cutting boards and some of them I use more often than others and that's going to be the main factor in determining where I keep each cutting board.
"I really use the, the smaller ones that are easy to put away."
So I put that down there just because it's a way to keep it out of the way.
So those are some things you want to think about when youre placing your cutting boards.
Where youre doing your cutting.
How often youre using each cutting board and what makes sense for where to put them.
So the cutting boards that I use most frequently I'm keeping right here hanging on the wall and I just put in a small nail because these aren't terribly heavy and they all ready had these holes cut in them.
"Yeah Larry, we could do that for you my man, but if you don't mind; right now I need to call New Zealand, later."
Hi everyone.
I'm Russ Handler.
My name is Russ Handler.
Have a great day.
"If you don't mind, I need to make a phone call."
Hope you're havin' a great day.
"So, you want to make an international phone call?"
"Did you know that there's actually four separate numbers that you need to dial before you can successfully get out of the United States, into another country?"
"Unlike the beef, I'm going to bake the chicken."
We're just going to try to fit all our pieces in there.
This is a nice dish to do with chicken breast because it adds a lot of moisture to the chicken.
Sometimes the chicken breast can be a little dry.
I'm going to ladle a bit of the marinade over the chicken now before putting it into the oven.
Now we're ready to go.
Here goes our chicken into the oven and we're going to set our timer for ten minutes.
"You can broil it how you usually would broil rather small pieces of chicken breast, but I prefer to bake it."
This is part three of the series and we'll be the second side dish which will be creole style green beans.
Okay now let's look at our bacon.
We want to cut our bacon with hickory smoke bacon and I'm just going to lay these three pieces together and I'm going to use some scissors to cut cause it's really easy.
"So we're just going to cut these pieces it'll help, bacon is going to help give those green beans like a smoky flavor."
And we're using about three slices of bacon here.
We're just cutting into pieces cause now we're going to take this bacon and we're going to put it in a heavy pot there and we're going to render this out and we're going to use the fat from the bacon to you know mix the rest of our stuff and smoky and crispiness of the bacon.
It's going to come through in the green beans.
Anyway here's where we are and now let's move on to our next step.
"Okay, now that we've created our little spider out of yarn or string, you're going to take the base of his body and we're going to want to attach that to our spider web base that we created here."
"So you can put it at any of the corners and, what you're going to do, is take some glue and just put some glue on the back of your spider, in the middle of those knots it builds up a good base for us."
"And, put a good amount of glue on there because this tacky glue, Elmer's glue, that's all going to dry clear."
"So I'm going to put him on this top corner and I'm just going to hold him on there nice and firm, pushing him down and you're going to allow him to dry on there for about twenty seconds."
"If he's still coming loose, you can surround the area with some more of this glue because, again, it will dry clear and you just don't want that spider coming off."
"So I'm going to place a small amount here on the underside where you can see it's white there now, but again, it will dry clear."
"And, once he dries, now you have your spider on the base of your spider web for your necklace."
Hi!
Im Jim Dowd at zoaroutdoor.com.
And heres how you do it.
"Just a tiny little tug, just before you make your pop stop."
"A tug, tug, tug, tug."
"You notice back tug, forward tug."
I am doing them together.
I am using my hands together.
"So the haul is something that if you work on 1 at a time, first the back and the forward, will enable you to fish more efficiently and cast farther."
"In 4 part cast, we made our casting movements and our stops and strokes with just the rod hand."
Let me introduce something called the haul with the line hand.
What the haul does is gives a tiny little tug just before you make your forward stroke.
Just a tiny little tug.
And that forces the load of the weight of the fly line into the rod a little more and gives you more acceleration.
"It is a wonderful thing to use when there is wind, because it drives your loop faster."
Faster speed translates into greater efficiency; it also contributes to accuracy.
"Hey, how's it going?"
Welcome to expert diving.
"Arms swing up, knee swings up, everything is driving up so that you can jump off of one foot as high as you possibly can jump."
"And after you jump, you want to stretch, rise in to the air, OK, watch."
"OK, that's the jump in diving."
"I'm Bobby Larew, your expert for the day."
"We're talking about the jump, OK, in the hurdle, alright."
"We've set ourself up, we've got our last step, our arms have come back, we're driving down in to the board, OK. We're going to push up, now we are actually ready to jump up in to the air, OK."
"Jumping is a little tricky because as you jump, the board is flexing down, OK."
"It's not solid ground, so you might feel a little weird bouncing on the end of the board."
But here's what the jump is actually going to look like.
"You press down in to the board to get a little push and a little spring, then you're going to explode."
"We worked on the leg strengthen exercises, here's where they come in to play."
"Bait your dog, just like we talked about in the previous commands, is important to let your dog know that a command is right around the corner."
"As I've said, use small treats, and when your dog gets to the point of understanding your commands, you can always use a fake bait to get their attention."
"But if you're just starting off with a new puppy or a new dog, I would recommend using a treat for every command until they truly understand the command, then start to diminish the food."
"The command we're talking about here ""stay"", I want the dog's attention to know a command is coming."
"When the dog knows that I have food, I know that I'm going to have the complete attention so they understand what command is coming next."
"As they pick the command up more, you certainly don't have to use the food, but at this stage of the game for any new commands, I would highly recommend baiting the dog."
We wanted also to go through a thorough physical exam and I'm going to ask the owner of this kitty cat that if they have any health concerns.
"So, that's where we're going to start."
"And, with a little bit of luck you'll learn how to brush their teeth."
Take care of their nails and things like that.
"But, we're going to do a thorough physical exam now and look your kitty cat all over."
"Unfortunately, your cat now is so small it doesn't even move our scales."
"So, that means she's lighter I'm sorry he's lighter than three pounds. So, it's just kind of a small kitty. Probably next time, in about a month when you come in we'll be able to get a more accurate weight."
"So, we start looking at their eyes first and everything is clear in the eyes."
We want to go ahead and have a good look at your cat.
We would like to look in the ear and the eyes and be sure there isn't any ear mites.
Cats frequently get some ear mites.
"And, they're perfectly clear."
I'm not seeing any problems there.
"And, again this is all part of the stuff that might be good for you to do at home is to hold onto the ear and touch the kitty cat all over."
"And, it makes it less traumatic when we have to have a look at them during the exam."
We like to be sure that their eyes are clear.
"And, there is just a little bit of discharge coming from this cat's eye."
You can see right in the corner here.
"And, so one of those things that you're going to want to watch for is to be sure you don't get a lot of discharge from this cat's eye or any sneezing."
I think I actually put your kitty cat to sleep by putting him in there and talking so quietly.
"If that happens, you should give me a call."
"Now, these are all baby teeth."
"You can see that we don't have any adult teeth yet, because we're so young."
"And, we open it up and look all the way down in there."
They kind of think that's kind of a mean thing to do at first.
"But, they get used to it."
"And, everything looks normal."
"Now, all of those teeth that you see there are going to fall out."
We get a whole new set of teeth and those are all baby teeth.
"And, by the time your cat is six months of age there won't be any baby teeth left only adult teeth."
"But, what we're going to do is bring the kitty cat out and have a little bit of an exam."
"So, we're going to listen to the heart."
"And, kitty's purring a lot."
"So, it's hard to hear the heart."
There we go.
"And, the lungs are fine."
Everything is clear.
"And, you just want to play don't you?"
You want to go ahead and look at the underside too and be sure that there's no particular problems with your cat.
There's no hernia and both of the testicles have come down.
"So, we're in great shape."
"Now, do you have any particular concerns about your cat's health?"
"As you mentioned, the upper respiratory would be my main concern."
Have you seen any problems with that?
Have you seen your kitty cat do any sneezing or watering from the eyes or anything?
"No. Ok. Well, we're going to go through just a few things while we look at your kitty cat. It's very important I think, at this age to try and do some little training with your cat and let it be used to being handled."
"One of the things that Brian can do to help his accuracy with running routes is just simply by laying down cones, and then he can mark off his running."
"This is where his mark could be, and then he can mark off wherever his angle is that he wants to emulate until the point of the ball gets to him."
"Hi I'm Nancy Frensley, I'm the training manager at the Berkeley East Bay Humane Society."
A lot of times people ask me about various types of enclosures in which they can put their dogs for various reasons the most common type of dog pen is an indoor pen usually and it's called an ex pen or exercise pen.
"These pens come in a number of different heights and sizes so you can get pens that are very, very tall for larger dogs."
"The trick is to do it while you are at home, teach your dog to settle down in the pen by using rewards, little treats, good girl, she's being a very, very good girl there."
She's getting a little treat for lying down and they become quite comfortable inside the pen.
One of the best uses for these pens is when you have a dog and a small child.
"This the pen indoors gives your dog a nice safe place to be so a toddler isn't tripping, falling or grabbing at fur and it helps your dog feel safe while getting used to a small child in your home."
"Most of them are made of wire like this one and once dogs are trained to stay inside them, they don't try to get out."
"They are happy, they have freedom of movement, this pen for instance can become much, much larger."
And those of us that go to competitions and take our dogs to compete various places have all trained our dogs to stay inside an indoor enclosure like this.
Sometimes they are just under a canopy.
"These are very, very useful for instance if you take your dog to the park for a picnic."
"You can house your dog inside a comfortable enclosure like this, temporary and use it for a temporary enclosure inside, so that your dog has room to move around."
"When you are house training a dog, especially a small dog, could work well in a small pen like a short pen like this."
"When you are house training a puppy, a pen like this is more comfortable then a crate so your puppy learns to go in the crate for short term confinement and in the pen for longer term confinement."
Stepping in for me to talk a little about the coffeemakers is my personal coffee guru' Ms. Leslie Mosel.
"Ok, as you can see here we have actually two different types of coffee makers."
"Depending on how strong you like your coffee, I like to cheat a little bit, if I put four scoops I put four and a half cups of water, that way its not to strong and it usually helps with the flavor."
One is specifically a espresso maker and the other one is just your standard coffee maker that most people have at home.
This one I actually use on a daily basis so there are quite a few settings that come along with this coffee maker.
"Of course, all coffee makers do have water levels shown."
This one is really nice because as you pour in the water you can actually see where the level is and I'll talk about that a little bit more later when I tell you actually the best way to use your coffee maker to make really good tasting coffee.
"This coffee maker I really like, it actually has the time setting as you can see here digitally on the front of the coffee maker, and it's 3:30 PM, AM is a really good thing to make sure that's correct because this actually has the option to delay brewing."
The next thing we are going to do now that we have primed her skin with a foundation primer is we are going to apply some liquid foundation.
"This is a really nice, light weight, oil free, liquid foundation."
One thing you want to be sure of when you are choosing a foundation for yourself is you want to make sure it blends really well into the skin.
If you put a stripe on the side of the face from cheek to jaw it should blend in perfectly.
It should not leave any noticeable mark of demarcation along the jaw because you should never be able to see where your face ends and your neck begins.
It should just blend in really perfectly.
This color is a really good match for her skin.
We are going to take a little bit of this.
I am going to use my foundation brush and we are just going to brush this all over just to even out her complexion and give her a little bit of light coverage.
The nice thing about this particular foundation is that it is a buildable coverage so you can use a layering affect with it if you need to and it won't look heavy or cakey.
Hi!
"By doing this action, not only do we have full response to the lashes here, but we can also make the client feel at ease because they're not seeing this wand going straight out their eyes."
I'm just going to briefly hold up just along the brow there.
Explain to your client that when we apply mascara in the salon or spa we can only do so much.
Sometimes at home they like to do their 20 coats or whatever.
We can certainly get a nice coverage.
"In our next segment, we'll be showing you mascara application."
"The supplies that we're going to need for this is actually 2 disposable mascara wands, and we're also going to need our professional mascara."
"The application of mascara can be very scary to makeup artist and scary to clients, so really reasuring them that we know what we're doing, we have a steady hand, and we have a great technique for applying mascara will help them feel at ease."
What we're going to do is we're going to take that mascara and remove the wand.
We're then going to dip our mascara wand just once in.
"Now, if we were to go up, the traditional movement of going into mascara can actually cause clumping."
Just once in and once out will get plenty of product.
Next we're going to have our client look down.
Selecting a good hair-care product can be very difficult.
My name is Sylvia Russell and I'm going to show you how you can select a good hair-care product.
"Remember, there are tons of products on the market everything from foams to sprays to all kinds of things."
If you're not sure what to buy for your hair ask your local professional.
I'm sure that she can recommend the product that is best for you.
"Make sure and check your grocery store, your beauty supply store, even your local dollar store."
There is everything out there with the perfect price point for you.
"Remember, selecting the right products can be good or bad for your hair."
My name is Sylvia Russell and this is how you can select the best hair-care styling products for you.
"Now remember, all hair is not created equal."
"So, we must choose the best products to suit our hair care needs."
There are many products on the market and so make sure that you get your information so that you buy the best hair-care products for you.
There are many creams on the market today that help with volume and shine and these are the things that we need to help give us a beautiful look.
There are many shampoos and conditioners that are going to help moisturize and detangle the hair.
If you have frizzy hair you might want to try a foam.
"Now,a foam is something that can help alleviate frizz and it's something that also is easy to use and it comes out in a foam and it's very good for your hair."
"It gives shine and it give bounce so if you have curly hair, you're trying to control your frizz, maybe you want to try some foam."
"And, we're going to talk about what happens when your car battery dies, how to select a new battery, and how to see what the problem is."
"As you can see, this wrench is long enough to contact between the two battery terminals which could result in a very powerful spark, and liquid lead or metal shooting off in those sparks."
A good way to avoid causing sparks at the battery with your wrench is to begin by disconnecting the negative terminal first.
"That way, when your touching the terminal with your wrench, if the wrench touches any other part of the car, there's not going to be a difference in currant resulting in a spark."
"If you start with the positive terminal while the battery is connected and you touch the body of the car, you're going to arc twelve volts from the battery to the car because there's a difference in voltage."
"And, you're electrical system controls all that power."
"So, you want to be careful and if you're not experienced, maybe you should cover your wrench with electrical tape except for the very tip."
"So, the first step is we're going to see if the terminals are tight."
"Now, if you wiggle the terminals and they twist, sometimes that means there's enough of a gap between the terminal and the clamp that there's corrosion in there that you can't see."
"So, let's pull these terminals off and look inside there and see what it really looks like."
"So, we're going to remove these terminals with a wrench."
"This car is foreign, Japanese made, so I'm using a metric wrench."
It happens to be a 13mm wrench.
"Now, the wrench is metal, and it's a very good conductor."
The battery creates a lot of electricity between these two poles.
The outer coat is the part that the undercoat typically is falling out into and it gets mixed up in the matt of the undercoat.
"So the outer coat, as you can see here we've got a tiny briard."
If she didn't have undercoat then you would see just her outer coat and it would be lying a lot flatter to her body.
The undercoat serves a purpose of insulation and the outer coat serves a purpose of protection from the elements.
"So, we've gone over now the difference between the outer coat and the undercoat and again the outer coat is where we're getting our length."
"If we break the outer coat while we're brushing, we're going to be breaking the length off and we'll have a shorted coated breed, shorted coated dog."
So we want to be careful when we're brushing the outer coat that we don't actually break it.
We work with it with the appropriate tools in an appropriate way that we're guarding the length here.
We've got the outer coat here this is the part that gives us the length.
So her outer coat is about 6 inches long.
"She does have some undercoat, you can see that she has some undercoat, but not a ton."
She's a little bit more mature she's 4 years old.
The outer coat again you can see it coming down the tail.
So this is the outer coat and the outer coat is best brushed with something like a pin brush.
We've got some texture here for the outer coat.
"So this is the outer coat, again this is where we're working right now with a double coated breed and there could be a different amount of under and outer coat."
GINA KENNEDY: Hanumanasana is a pose that even some practice yogis are a little bit nervous about trying.
"But when you use blocks to come into it, it can make it so much easier."
"Now, you could bring this block at whatever level."
"We could head it up the other way as well, whatever works for you."
"So, you have to experiment just a little. Good. Her toes should be down and back, extending out through her back leg."
Good.
"Now, notice how she has to lean forward a little bit."
"So, if we bring blocks and place them to the sides, by her hips, she can take her hands to the block and fully lengthen up through her spine."
Good.
"Then, she can feel her energy moving from her hips all the way up to the crown of the head, and then, extending out through the ball of her foot and her back big toe."
"So, we're going to have Faith demonstrate the split for us."
Good.
Just lengthening up.
Good.
"And then, as you practice, you can keep lowering your block, maybe using smaller blocks, and then, maybe even a blanket, and lower and lower, until gradually, before you know it, you're in the full split."
She's going to come into table top first.
Good.
And I'm just going to have her bring her back knee forward and place her foot on the ground in between her hands.
Good.
And we're going to use this block to place right under Faith's hamstring.
And she's very gently and very slowly going to ease her foot forward.
Good.
IAN LOVEALL: Hi.
"Our light source is that window over there, and so as the light comes streaming in, it's going to be blocked by any object in its path."
"For example, this border here is going to block the light and the wall directly behind is not going to receive any light, creating a cast shadow."
"Again, down here along the bottom edge, cast shadow."
"Even the vines that are growing up along the wall will create cast shadows against the wall where the vine is blocking the light, falling on the wall surface."
We're talking about mural painting today; light and shadow.
Light and shadow are the keys to realistic painting.
"If you look at this example here, we've got a lot of cast shadow going on."
"Normally, mural painters will sort of shy away from cast shadow because it's dark and we usually want to avoid dark in a painting on a wall because it closes in the space."
"I'm telling you, do not be afraid of shadows."
This is what's going to make your painting pop.
"So, for example, we have a lot of cast shadows here."
"We have a shadow being cast from the bouquet, the urn, we have a cast shadow here from the dove, and a lot of shadow going on under the architectural work here."
Hi I'm Kerri from Zebra and Berkley and I'm here to tell you how to use ear tapers.
An ear taper is the tool used when you are stretching your ears when you are going from one gauge to the next gauge up.
If you are doing it on your own I have seen some people wrap a thin piece of tape around it in order to make sure that you don't lose that connection.
"I'm Kerri your favorite piercer and I've done over 200,000 piercings."
If you look at a taper you will see that there is a small size and a larger size.
A small size ideally is the size that you are currently at.
The larger size is the size that you want to be at.
It kind of resembles a funnel in a way and it funnels your ear to the point where you want it to be at.
When you are using a taper you want to clean the area using some kind of disinfectant or antibacterial soap and water and then you are going to want to lubricate the taper pen with A and D ointment or Neosporin or some kind of Vaseline in order to help it run through your ear smoothly.
When pushing the taper pin through you do want to support it with your hands from the back so you are pushing against something and creating a counter pressure.
That way you are not just pushing your ear into the side of your face with a taper pin.
"When you line up the piece of jewelry against the larger size of the taper pin, the size of the jewelry that you want to put in, you want to make sure that you line it up exactly lined up correctly with no gaps or spaces in order to get it in smoothly."
"There are a number of nuances in wood cut print making, and it has to deal to a large degree with your materials and techniques and how you go about printing your block of wood."
"Here, is two prints, each is on a different type of paper."
"There's also color that's been added in to certain areas, and printed over top of it."
"It gives you a lot more flexibility, when as we did today, we can pull back the piece of paper, and print it again and again, and really work into the print in a very patronly way."
It gives you two very different looks to the print.
"This is facilitated not only by the paper, but also the method of print making."
"This is a kitty coda, which is a Japanese paper."
And this is a western reeves light weight paper.
They're also printed differently.
This print was printed on a press.
You can tell by the absolutely clean and even surface that the print has made onto the piece of paper.
This large stretch of very even color is much easier to create using a press.
"However, in this print, that was hand printed, you can see where certain elements, of a, painter leaves can come out from the print."
It's hand printed so there can be different pressures.
Today we are going to learn how to install a ceiling fan in your home.
What we simply do is take the wire nut off of the existing wire.
I'm going to trim this just a little bit.
Something like that and then we simply lay this wire next to this one.
They are laying next to each other just like that you take your wire nut and put it on like that.
Then the threads inside the wire nut would twist the wire together and you tighten this up pretty good.
Okay that has about 5 pounds of torch on it so that is pretty tight.
So there we now have our neutral wire connect to our fan neutral wire with a wire nut.
The next step is to wire the ceiling fan.
"We do now have the fan hung, here is the bracket, securely screwed into wood above the sheet rock."
The fan ball is hanging in the bracket and it looks good.
So the next step is to hook the wiring; the white wire would go with the white wire coming out of the ceiling.
So we are going to go ahead and give ourselves a little bit of extra and then we are going to cut our fan wire.
Then these are diagonals or wire cutters.
"Then we can very carefully, go around in a circle with this and then you can pull off the wire insulation like that."
So this white wire and this white wire are the neutral wires that we would connect this white wire to this one.
Have you ever wondered on what specific foods you can eat to whiten your teeth?
Well my name is Michelle and I am a dental assistant with Solutionz and I am here to kind of give you a few choices to help whiten your teeth.
"And also too with lemons, but you do not want to do that too much, you also just want to do that in moderation."
But once again my name is Michelle and I am a dental assistant with Solutionz and hopefully I just explained to you the certain foods to eat to keep your teeth white.
"First of all, milk is always a great product to drink."
"It helps strengthen your teeth, and in return it helps kind of to keep your teeth nice and white."
"Chewing on apples, biting into apples, it kind of, the acid from it will break up any stainings that you might have and then also too, the rind of the apple will kind of clean your teeth also in the same sense when you are chewing on the apple it kind of frees of the bacteria and the debris that might be resting on your teeth."
"Also too, lemons, if you cut up a lemon and kind of just rub your teeth with the lemon."
You do not want to do that too often because the acid from the lemon will actually eat away at your enamel and kind of maybe possibly expose your dentin and in return you will start to become sensitive to hot and cold temperatures.
"So lemons every once in a blue moon basically, if you just cut up a lemon wedge, kind of chew on it for a little bit, rub your teeth on it."
"And then also too, with taking whitening tooth paste."
"But the main reasons, the types of foods that will help whiten your teeth are milk, drinking lots of milk, will actually whiten your teeth and keep them with the calcium and the strength of them."
Go ahead and use the finer part of your comb and you're going to come in and you're going to keep your comb moving consistently and blend this line away.
Keep in mind you definitely want to keep your scissors and your comb moving at all times so that way you don't stop and put a hole in there head.
Stay tuned for our next segment which I'm going to go ahead and give you a tip to make the scissor over comb blending a little bit easier for you.
"Hi, I'm Chris Faircloth, Artistic Director and co-owner of Salon Teez."
"Once I have the length of where I want that hair to be, I'll simply cut the ends of the hair off, and this may take more than one cut."
Now I've created my fringe.
I simply comb the hair back over and I've created a nice short to longer piece.
You can create this or do this as short as you want to.
It's best to do it in increments versus just one big large chunk; otherwise it may be shorter than what you actually wanted it to be.
"So again, I comb the hair over, have it nice and tight, I'm down to a horizontal, slightly twist the hair over, grab it with my fingers, notice that where my shortest piece will be is about at the bridge of the nose, cut the hair off bluntly, release the hair and comb it back over the side that we want it to go on."
And now I've got my short to long piece that melds into the sides and the back nicely without creating a lot of havoc.
"One of the fringes that is wildly popular right now is the side swept fringe, where it goes from short to long across the face."
We could create this just by placing our comb in a position such as this and cutting the hair off but an easy way to do this would be to place our comb on the hair line and rock the comb back.
"Now we'll look to see where the part or the section is going to be and rather than create another pyramid line down to the corner of the eyebrow, we'll actually incorporate that part into our section here, so our section will be more of a slight rectangle than a true pyramid."
O.k.
so we've thrown our chuck to trim our bottle necked vase here and we're ready to put this vase onto our chuck.
We drew the wire underneath it before hand and often times when it is ready to go it will simply pop off the wheel however this one doesn't want to come off; with larger parts it's often the case.
So what I'm going to do is take my wire tool and once again just draw it underneath keeping it nice and tight so it doesn't go into the pot.
Now we've released it; simply lift it off.
"Now we're going to take the chuck and put it on the wheel like so, and then we're going to take our vase; turn it upside down, I like to hold it in two hands like this and place it into the chuck."
O.k.
"so now we have our vase in place to be trimmed; the next thing we're going to want to do is center this, now it's already fairly well centered because the chuck is centered but there are some centering; but there are some centering issues that we're going to want to take care of and we're going to be doing that in the next segment."
How to change your motorcycle's oil filter.
The first thing that you're going to want to do is locate the oil filter on your motorcycle.
"When I install the new filter, I'm going to make sure that I have the correct oil filter, an OEM one."
I'm going to make sure to have clean oil on the gasket surface or this o-ring.
Going to install it with this oil filter wrench that I have here and a common mistake that the home mechanic often does is over torques his oil filter.
Refer to your owner's manual for the torque spec with this oil filter wrench it will allow to get a torque wrench on there.
So you never want to over torque your oil filter.
"After you've installed your oil filter on your motorcycle, you're going to reinstall your drain bolt with a new gasket."
"Torque that to the proper spec, check your owner's manual to add the correct amount of oil and the correct oil and then you're going to follow procedures to check it and that will conclude how to change your oil filter."
"On this particular bike, we have a spin on filter which is similar to most modern car oil filters."
"And in order to change this oil filter, the first thing you're going to want to do is drain your oil from your motorcycle."
So you're going to need to locate where your drain bolt is and remove all the oil from the motorcycle.
"On this particular bike, the drain plug is right here."
Having a convenient oil filter wrench like this certainly makes the job a lot easier to remove your oil filter and it also will not damage the oil filter.
"I have an oil filter wrench here that I just installed on my oil filter, going to spin it free."
Make sure you have a catch pan because you will lose some oil.
"Once I have my oil filter removed, I'm going to make sure that I have this o-ring present on the old oil filter and make that it's not stuck to the mating surface therefore when you install your new one, you won't have what you call a double gasket and have an oil leak."
Now I'm ready to put the images onto our sheet of plastic.
"The piece of plastic that we're using is a thick piece of plastic, but it's a bit translucent, so you can see through, and it will be perfect for getting the images, placing the sheet of paper underneath and getting the images to show through so that we can go ahead and trace it onto the sheet of plastic."
"Don't overcrowd the plastic with images, but, then again, don't leave any large open blank spaces."
You might want to hold up the plastic sheet every once in a while just to get a clear look at where you've placed your images and which spaces are still left empty.
And also you might want to fold it up just also to see where the fasteners are going to go so you know where to put an image; you don't want to cut off an image underneath the fold.
"So, just to get a clear look, it's good to stop every once in a while and just take a look at the sheet of plastic and see where your images are lying."
"So now I've shown you how to take the images and put them onto the sheet of plastic, using the original white paper, the original white images, that we drew."
So I'll go ahead and do that.
"First I want to get the right size of my plastic, and I'm going to cut it to about twenty four to thirty inches long."
"So I cut off the excess, and then put the plastic over the sheet of paper with my images that I drew, and I'm going to only use the pencil at this point, I'm not going to start using any kind of permanent markers yet."
"But I'm going to draw directly onto the plastic where I saw the images, where the images just come through on the bottom, and I move the plastic around from place to place so I can get images on different angles and on different locations of the plastic."
"It doesn't have to look exactly the way it looked on the paper, those are just my original images that I want to apply to the plastic, but not in the same exact place."
"It's much easier to draw the images on the plastic by using this white paper underneath, because when you draw on the plastic, this plastic sheet that we're using, you don't see the images, you can't really see the pencil so clearly."
"So it's a lot easier to have the image underneath and then just trace around it so you don't have to worry about which lines you made and what lines you didn't make, because sometimes you made a line and you don't see it so clearly."
"And we just move the plastic around, making sure that most of the areas are covered with some type of image."
"We're going to talk about the next twist, the full twist."
"The next one goes around, twist it in, again twist it in, twist it in, twist it in."
"The final petal, use the uninflated end of the balloon and sort of tie it around."
"This bubble you've created end, twist it in there for a fairly quick and easy flower that's likely to please anyone's girlfriend."
"This twist is a little bit more common than most of the balloon animals you'll see, in fact most of them use them for legs and that sort of thing."
"I don't use it quite as often, but any time you need a graceful leaf or petal on a flower, what you do is you fold it over how big you want it, and once you make a twist you go ahead and make another twist and twist it inside of it."
"Once again, big as you need it to be and fold it over and I turn it as I twist it into itself."
It just seems to help it get in there a little bit easier.
Now this would be the stem for a flower.
What you do for a flower itself is actually use a different color.
You make about four to six full twists.
In this case I'm just going to tie the knot around itself.
Hi!
I'm Walt Cannon.
They will put you in touch with the correct avenues to go become an electrician.
The other thing would be to study your math and be very well enunciated in math.
And all scores on any test are required to be average or better.
"I would make sure that I'm a good reader, good listener."
Specially a good listener.
"Because the people you're working with, the hazards that you're working with."
"If you're not very careful, it would kill you."
I've been an electrician thirty two years.
"Owner, operator of Cannon Electric."
I've been asked to give a few tips on being an electrician.
"The first thing that I would say, would be that you would go to your local jurisdiction."
And find out the requirements through the bureau and labor industries.
For being an electrician.
They're generally pretty informal.
"As far as, let you know the route to go."
This L-step has a little bit more athletic approach to it because it involves a squat.
In a squat make sure you get your weight back into your heels and not into the knees just for safety.
"It comes off of the basic L-step so if you are getting a little winded in class or the intensity level is too high go back to your basic L-step or add the fun put up and squat, pendulum, so we call squat and the pendulum kick and exit the bench for the L squat step."
It is going to be better on the knee if your hips go back.
So we begin our L-step off to the left side of the bench leading with the right foot.
"I start my L, step and put a squat, I'm going to do a little pendulum kick and then exit the bench."
"So lift, squat, pendulum kick and down."
Eight counts to each side.
Really add some power to this because it really makes it fun.
"Step, lift, squat, little pendulum and down."
"Step, jump, squat, pendulum and down."
"Hi, I'm Jeanette Welker."
"I'm a Certified Family Nurse Practitioner, in Eugene, Oregon, practicing at Oregon Optimal Health."
"A Nurse Practitioner's salary can range anywheres from sixty thousand, up to two hundred thousand plus, depending upon the type of practice and location."
"A Nurse Practitioner with a higher degree of specialty, on either the East or West Coast, would probably make more, than one in the South or the Midwest."
"A Nurse Practitioner starting out, could start anywheres from a base salary of sixty, to a hundred thousand."
"Some Nurse Practitioners have a base salary, and then added it to that, a production based, in addition."
"Otherwise, Nurse Practitioners can have a totally separate, independent practice, and run their own business, so the range is very wide, and varied, as to how a Nurse Practitioner will practice, and be paid for their practice."
Have you ever been somewhere and noticed: I have a missing nail.
My nail has popped.
"If you have a natural nail pop, you may want to seek a physician."
"Hi, I'm beauty expert, Jackie O, and today, we will discuss how to fix nail pops."
"When you notice that your nails have a missing nail, the first thing that you may want to consider is: How can I repair this?"
"You can use the acrylic forms here, take the centerpiece off, and you will see that you can use this and apply this to the natural nail."
"If it has cracked in any areas and the free edge of the nail is missing, you definitely want to apply it as if you're doing a regular repair."
"Put the form on the nail, take your acrylic brush, dip it in your liquid and your powder."
"Apply your primer and your prep, and you want to make sure that you fill in any areas that need to be repaired."
"If you have a nail tip on, you may want to consider reapplying a nail tip."
"Put your glue, apply it to the nail, cut it to your desired length, and you have your repair."
"If you're staying in one spot and never moving from the right or to the left, people are going to pass you by that you don't need to pass you by and they're going to score points off of you."
"When you're playing a game, it's very important that you know how to move within the team and move within the field."
"You can go from the outside to the inside quickly, and if you can really get some speed going, you can put that shoulder down, come up for a nice good block, and hit the girl right off the track."
"So what we're going to do right now is, we're going to talk about cutting."
"We're going to go in and out of the track very quickly on the whistle blow, without knocking down our own team mates, but learning how to cut that track back and forth closely."
"Earlier when we learned those slaloms on our sticky skates, this is a good preparation for cutting back and forth across the track."
"If you see the Jammer coming along side of you, you can cut the track and you can knock her into an audience member."
Maybe even knock out their beer.
So cutting the track back and forth gives you a lot of mobility in the field.
"And with this variation we have a girly version of a sports bra, which is not technically, I wouldn't call this a sports bra, because I don't think that you would really want to go running with lace and it's more of a for looks camisole type thing."
The best way to draw this is like you would draw a camisole.
"The camisole straps are going to be thin, so make sure you put your straps in the correct places."
Then decide where you want the neckline to fall.
"And since it is camisole inspired, it's going to be a little bit higher, we're not going to go down in between the boobs on this one, like a regular bra, it's more of a shirt, an undershirt."
"A little girl undershirt is what is inspire, this is inspired by."
"And draw your pit parts, and make it go down to however, whatever level you want on the ribcage."
"And then I added in lace, and a bow."
And you're done.
"In this clip of Warrior Training, we're going to start to start to incorporate elbow strikes."
Elbow strikes are use a lot of times in Kickboxing and Thai Boxing to create cuts in the opponent's face so that the fight will be stop prematurely.
"This particular elbow that we do in from our fighting position, instead of the traditional fighting position; because I'm going to utilize the elbow strikes, I'm now going to open my hand to make my weapon longer."
This is a downward elbow targeting the middle of the nose and the upper ridge.
"So my opponent is here, his centerline is open, from my fighting position, hands open, I step and I'm striking with the pointy part of my elbow and all my weight is dropping down."
All the weight comes down slow to my opponent's face.
"Punch, elbow, elbow."
"Again, one of the key components to remember, positioning."
Everything starts from your fighting position.
"You have to have a good base, a good stance."
I'm Ivan Madar.
We are going to pick a slope that is feasible for it (where you can not run away).
We put both skis on and you are going to go straight down a hill.
"Next thing we will do, we'll give you one ski."
"And with one ski on, we are going to do drills such as scooting and skating with one ski."
"So, you will push off with one leg and ski on that, okay?"
We will take the ski off and go with the other ski.
"We do it with both legs and eventually, we will put both skis on to teach you some of the basic elements."
"Now because we are starting slower, because you have not done a lot of athletic things, we are going to teach you first how to stop, how to keep your balance on skis and eventually how to turn."
"Now, there's a different progression for someone who's not in very good condition as there is for someone who is in better athletic shape."
"So, first, we are going to learn how to do what we call a straight run on your skis."
"So opposite of hands to stand on, let's see what hands are to improve on."
"You know what I was trying to say, right?"
There's a pair of Aces.
"You know, half the time I'm going to try to improve on that, I'm going to give it one more roll see what happens."
"Well, no deal, I'm going to give it another roll."
"I've got two pair, so now my opponent has to make two pair in three rolls."
Specifically he has to make two pair where one of the pair are Aces and then the other pair is higher than tens.
"So, but these that's improving on a roll, that's a demonstration of that."
"Well, there's one because we only have one pair."
"So you're going to try to improve instead of staying, and we'll make it three of a kind."
"Again, well you can certainly stand of three Kings, of course."
"There's two pair, you can stand on that."
Look at that!
"I rolled Queens, three Queens."
"So, I'm getting lucky here."
Okay!
Here we have what are called princess seams.
"Princess seams, though they're called seams, they are a seam, but they function as a dart."
"And if they curve more, than draw this way doesn't, totally fine."
But this is another version that I just thought of.
The typical princess seam is going to curve down and out like that and then straighten out once it gets down to the waist point.
"That's why they're in the dart category because even though they're not called a dart, that's, that's their purpose."
The purpose of a dart as well as a princess seam is to make a garment fitted to the body based on that person's measurements.
"So if you're going for industry standard sample size in all of your garments, like your first mock up of a garment, is going to be set to that sample size variation, that, that person's measurement, a fit model."
"And based on that, princess seams are what you would see like on a jacket that's nipped in at the waist."
"And it can, princess seams allow you, depending on where you place them, to pull it in even further or let it out a little further and just have a slight princess seam, meaning there's just a slight wider at the shoulders and down to the waist."
"For princess seams, as you would see on a jacket, we will of course, neckline, shell top arms, and then these I have shown going straight down in a V all the way to the waist."
They can do that.
Or they can curve.
"Hi, I'm Chris Faircloth, Artistic Director and co-owner of Salon Teez."
"If they're wanting to have their hair roll under as opposed to the flip out, we'll make sure that the teeth are on the bottom and the top blade, or the straight blade is on the top."
"An easy way to remember that is the teeth on the top taper, teeth on bottom blend."
"So creating the roll under effect, our teeth will be on the bottom, our straight blade is on the top, and now we'll just take our shears and cut down."
"This will effectively give us a nice roll to the ends of the hair but this way the shorter hair is underneath, the longer hair is on top and the longer hair will tend to, want to roll under as opposed to flip out"
"For those clients that like to have their hair flip out on the ends, the texturing shear is a great shear to use for this."
"We'll have our teeth on the top as this will create shorter hair on the top of the hair, leaving longer hair underneath to want to flip out."
"The shorter hair will actually help push into or collapse into the hair form or into the neck, creating the longer hair to flip out."
"Using horizontal sections and determining where we want the flip to be, we'll simply place our shears in, the bottom blade is actually resting on my fingers."
"And now I'm just using my shear, completely closing it and sliding out."
"I'll do this once or twice more, just in the ends of the hair so that I create a nice flip to the ends of the hair."
I'll continue working that around the perimeter of the hair so that I get a nice even flip all the way around.
"As you can see, the hair is beginning to want to flip on its own and that's exactly what we want to create there."
I'm going to show you how to make a seafarer's double.
"Atlantic salmon actually don't die after they breed and this is an example like I said of Atlantic salmon, but unfortunately Atlantic salmon are very scarce."
You're not going to find wild Atlantic salmon anywhere so the most of the Atlantic salmon you get will be farmed.
"It's farmed in Norway, United States, Chile lots of different places but if you can like I said try to get the wild salmon."
In our next clip we're going to prep our salmon for grilling.
I just wanted to talk a little bit about salmon.
Salmon is so popular throughout the world and certainly in the United States.
Lots of people eat it every single day and the best kind of salmon is a Pacific northwest salmon.
This happens to be Atlantic salmon.
Let me talk about the Pacific salmon for a minute.
"It is the most prized of all the salmon in the world, it's the best, the freshest, the most delicious and whenever you can get wild seafood of any kind, do that as opposed to farm and seafood."
Salmon is really interesting that they live in both freshwater and saltwater.
"They go to freshwater to breed and after they breed, they die."
"In this segment I want to discuss how very important it is, I want to stress to you not to confuse your child when you're doing potty training."
It's really important not to put them in underwear one day and put them in a diaper another day or do the same in one day.
"Because it will confuse the child and you either just want to when you're ready to potty train, put them in underwear and keep them only in underwear."
"If you go from diaper to underwear, it's way too confusing for you and them and then they're not going to ever want just to wear underwear."
They're only going to want to wear a diaper.
"So, when you decide to potty train, keep your child in underwear."
Except the evening you can put on a diaper or a pamper for when they go to sleep.
"And have your feet about maybe a foot and a half to two feet away from the wall and then stretch your arms up overhead and place your fingertips on the wall, so it's like you make suction cups with your hands."
"You place your fingertips on the wall, then push into the wall actively through your arms and from that expansion, engage the muscles and draw back into yourself moving the heads of the arm bones back and the shoulder blades into the upper back."
"With your breath, expand again and then enjoy the stretch as you melt the heart toward the wall."
Keep looking straight ahead so the throat stays in line with the shoulders and the eyes are even with the floor.
Take a few more breaths.
And with your inhalation you can lift back up and release your arms by your sides.
Alright in this segment we're going to go over the lob serve.
I think the lob serves are one of the best weapons that you have in a game.
"And on the next segment, we're going to explore a little more of the lob serve on the forehand side."
Every point of it starts off with one person serving.
"So the lob serve means we're going to hit the ball real high off the front wall and it's going to go on a diagonal and hopefully it comes out on a very steep angle to your opponent, force them to hit a high back hand, if they're a right hander."
"But another thing that you could use if you're in a hurry, you could drop a few of the denture tablets in your water and leave it, and it will foam and clean, and then when you come back- this is a good one for people that work and they want to clean a little bit while they're gone, and then they come back and just swish around."
"But today I'm going to take the powder, and I'm going to use a little bit of elbow grease and just scrub."
"If you have time, sometimes you get let it sit and absorb into the stain, and then you're going to need to flush to see if you get it all, because the water, in this case, my water turned blue, and if I still see a little bit of stain still there, I'll just scrub."
"And whenever you use a cleaner in your toilet, you want to be sure that you continue to flush it out, (so I'm going to have to wait for my toilet to fill again) and then you just want to keep flushing out to be sure you get the dirt out, the dirt and the chemical out."
"This is Ann Myrick, and that is how you clean a toilet ring."
"The possibilities are really endless for what subject matter and how you want to carve the block, and how you want to use the block of wood for carving."
It really is going to be dependent on how you work with the wood and what you're want to get from that piece of wood.
And try to get that into the wood.
"How you are going to carve your block of wood, what subject matter you're going to bring to it is really going to depend on what you want to say."
It may take a little bit of time for you to get a handle on how to translate what it is you want to say into the block of wood.
But that's part of the beauty of learning about relief printmaking and learning about wood.
"Here are three blocks of wood, each of these are on a different kind of wood."
Both of these are sheen applied.
This is three ply and five ply.
"Here is an industrial piece of plywood that was available to me, and I carved it."
Here is in that print where I get some more of the rougher carve marks around the edges.
"And they each are showing something, a different way to get imagery out of the wood."
Where here's going to be a more of a blanket area of raised wood that's going to give me one solid image.
"Here I'm getting a more draftsmanship quality where I was really trying to emulate my drawing, my rapid drawing of my pencil."
Hi.
And what we're going to do is cut off both ends.
What I like to do is real simple.
Just cut it in half.
Make sure you wash your veggies really good.
Alright?
What I do is just cut this bad boy in half.
Put the flat side down.
"I'll cut it in half again, like so."
I'll do the same thing to the other one.
Now this was a big sized eggplant.
"Alright, before we start with our eggplant, beautiful eggplant by the way, make sure you lower that flame and just let that simmer."
"So what I'm going to do now is just coming back, make it like one inch pieces."
"This is such a big eggplant, I'm actually going to slice it again here, just to make the cubes more symmetrical."
Remember what I'm going to do is just cut about an inch back.
"And you'll see, you'll have nice size pieces that way."
"And like I said, this is going to cook down. There's a lot of water in this. I'm going to try to get all of that flavors of this beautiful eggplant."
"Eggplant is, I tell you it's delicious and it's good for you."
"So again if you have some big pieces like this, you might want to cut this down too."
That paste and that garlic.
And while that's simmering now we're going to start to chop this beautiful eggplant.
Alright the first thing you're going to do is chop off the end of the stem where the top is of the eggplant.
"To get a beautiful eggplant, make sure they're, get a beautiful eggplant make sure they're not bruised anywhere, they're firm to the touch."
Listen to that.
"You can hear it, it's nice and firm."
Beautiful.
Hi!
"In this video clip, I will be answering the question what is engine coolant."
"In an engine, the temperature can get to a very hot temperature, and there is fluid that travels through many of the holes in the engine and this will help dissipate the heat."
"The fluid is called antifreeze, also known as engine coolant."
"The reason we use coolant is because, although water will do about the same thing, water freezes when it gets too cold and it boils when it gets too hot."
"By mixing antifreeze with the water, it will lower the freezing point and will raise the boiling point of the liquid."
"Because the engine does get really hot, we add the antifreeze mixture so that it will help protect the engine better and have a less likelihood of boiling inside the engine."
In this segment I'm going to talk about keeping your head down.
"Well in baseball it's not called keeping your head down although in baseball what happens sometimes is that someone will pull their head off the ball, you've seen that and you've heard about that."
"It's very hard to see in baseball or in golf but if you're looking down there, and you try to watch it, watch that club hit the ball, watch it!"
"Watch that club hit the ball, watch it!"
That is the way to keep your head down.
We all know how many people move their head in golf as they come into the impact area.
"Oh boy look what that does to my body but if I try to watch this club hit that ball, baseball address baseball grip, watch it hit boom!"
"Watch it hit, boom!"
That is the greatest way to keep your head down.
"What solution, what though do they give you in baseball?"
What have you heard so many times in baseball to solve moving your head?
What do they say?
Watch the bat hit the ball.
"Watch the bat hit the ball, what a beautiful thought."
"So that ball is coming but you're trying to watch it, you're trying to watch that bat hit the ball."
You're trying to watch that bat hit the ball.
"If you're really buying into this and you want to try to hit a golf ball like a baseball, try to watch the club hit the ball, try to see it!"
"Hi, this is Liz Muller from Liz's Hair Design in Hollywood, Florida."
In this clip we're going to show you how to make a hair wrap.
"And you want to use a little product, a very small amount, maybe a little Slim del Lino, and just go like that to the hair."
"And that's why you're going to pick up this brush next, because see all the little fine hairs, you're going to go ahead and brush those real straight, flat."
"Nice and soft, really nice and easy, get every little hair there."
"Placing it nice, and then we're going to use the hair wrap, and you're going to put it on the hair."
"You're going to remove that pin in a minute, but you're going to wrap the hair like that."
"This is Liz Muller, and this is how you make a hair wrap."
"Now, we're going to wrap this hair, I'm going to do it dry."
"You're going to need a hair net, a brush, paddle brush, you're also going to need a bristle brush, because you want to smooth the hair out later on."
"Taking it sections at a time, we're going to go around the hair, placing the hair in the middle, going around the head, nice and neatly, like this."
Make sure this is down here.
"Now if you have a problem with that section here, and you have a lot of hair, it's giving you a problem, you could put a clip there so it doesn't get in the way, you can remove it afterwords, OK."
"So just go around the hair, continue to go around and around."
"It it was wet, you'd put like an actual thin piece of paper around it, it's really done easy too, but we're doing it dry."
"Going to smooth it out like that, you might want to use a little product on it to just keep those little hairs down."
"In this clip we're going to talk about, how to define an income statement."
An income statement summarizes the revenues earned and the expenses incurred over a period of time.
A balance sheet talks about where you stand at the end of a period or as of a certain date.
"An income statement talks about what happens over a period of time, so throughout the month of January we earned X numbers of dollars."
Here is an example of a very simple income statement.
"At the top we show the revenue, or the amounts earned, in this example it was a 100 dollars."
"Next we would show the expenses, in this example 50 dollars, and at the bottom we get net income, how much money that company earned over that period, in this example it was 50 dollars, so we have revenue of a 100 minus expenses of 50 for a net income of 50."
And that's how you define an income statement.
The front side smith grind.
The front side smith grind is a cool trick because it started out on vert and on pools and on ramps first.
"What the skater does is, rides up the transition and goes into grind and a board slide on one side of the board at the same time, and then comes back in."
"Now the modern street style maneuver is exactly the same, except now you ollie up onto the ledge above it, land in the smith grind, and then pop off, land, and roll away."
"So, what you do for a smith grind is you put all your weight on just your back truck."
"The front foot is almost just hovering there, keeping the foot and the board in the steady down position, and then you pop out at the end."
"What's cool about smith grinds is that since your wheels are below the edge of the top of the ledge, you're able to actually get a lot of pop to get you out of the smith grind."
"So it can be a pretty stylish trick to do, because you can get in, grind, and then actually pop out cleanly and roll away."
So this the front side smith grinds.
DIXON GILLETTE: All right.
"To begin laying single track, you're going to want to start out at your city that you are over."
So we're going to go over here to the cornfields and build our track there.
"To actually build the track, you're going to left-click again."
"And as you can see, the track is actually built now."
"Now, as you could see, if you keep dragging your mouse out you're still in Track Laying mode."
So you're going to want to exit your Track Laying mode by right-clicking on your mouse.
"Now, one thing that's important to keep in mind is that when you are laying track, you're going to want to make sure that you have brought your track all the way within the green circle of the industry or city."
"If you don't bring it within this transparent green circle, you're going to find that you won't be able to build a depot there, so make sure that you always bring it within the green circle."
And those are the basics of laying single track.
"Now, one thing that's important to keep in mind when laying track is you can only build track off of existing track."
You can't just start track out in the middle of nowhere.
"To begin, you're going to want to select your Single Track icon here or push T on your keyboard."
What this will do is this will change your mouse pointer into your track selector.
"And when you're not over your track, you will see a red circle with an X there."
That means you cannot lay track at that other position.
"To change this into the green circle that you want, you bring it over the edge of your track and as you can see are mouse pointer changed."
"To begin laying the track, you're going to left-click your mouse and simply drag your track towards the direction that you want to build in."
What we're going to talk about regarding self hypnosis is how do you focus on your feelings in hypnosis?
"Now, we have already set the intention that what he wants to be is a competitive golfer, not having to compete daily since he is a business owner, but have the fun loving spirit and know that he is competing yet he is not taking golf to seriously."
That's the intention that he has set for this self hypnotic session.
"So, what he wants to be focusing on is the feelings of being a very happy, joyful golfer playing at a competitive level."
"So, Brad in hypnosis, I'm just going to ask you, keep focusing on that and if you can just tell us how it is that you feel."
How it is that you feel as a competitive golfer knowing that you're fun loving and that you can still compete at a competitive level?
What does that feel like to know that about yourself and be there as if you're already in that spot?
I feel very relaxed and calm.
He's feels very relaxed and calm.
Very good.
I feel very confident over the shot.
"Well, one important thing to know before we actually get into that is to know that when you're in hypnosis you have the uncanny ability to feel much more deeply than you do in an awake state."
He feels very confident.
Excellent!
So this is how he focuses on his feelings.
He thinks about his intention and then he puts himself in that place as if he's already there.
And he can actually feel himself being in the place that he already wants to be in.
That's how you focus on your feelings when you're in hypnosis.
You also have the ability to see yourself where you want to be.
You have the ability to visualize and know.
Not all of us see things in hypnosis because we may not be visual people.
"However, we do either feel where we want to be or we just somehow know where we want to be and some of us even hear what we want to hear."
"But here we have Brad deep in hypnosis and I'm talking, I know that I'm not disturbing him because he's very practiced at being in hypnosis."
"But, I'm going to ask him some questions."
I'm focusing on his feelings in hypnosis.
Hi.
"This is Henry Watson with the New Bern Fire-Rescue in New Bern, North Carolina."
Anything closer than that would cause the fire extinguisher to spread the fire.
"Anything further away from this distance, the fire extinguisher would be ineffective."
It's important to remember the maximum working distance of the fire extinguisher that you're using.
"In this case, eight to twelve feet."
"In this segment, we're going to talk about the maximum working distance of the multi-use fire extinguisher."
The multi-use fire extinguisher has a working range of eight to twelve feet.
This is the starting distance that you would use to put out an ordinary combustible fire.
The maximum working distance is from eight to twelve feet.
Aim at the base of the fire.
"If you're too close to the fire, then the extinguishing agent may cause the fire to spread."
"Also, if you're too close to the fire, you may be burned, or the flames could change directions and cause you burns."
"The maximum working distance is between eight and twelve feet, about the distance that I'm standing here."
"Now we have our balance, we come to the balance of system where we tell what else is needed to actually make all this work together."
"So to actually get our solar system installed we of course have to mount it on the roof, which takes some rails, and special mounting clips."
We'll also be powering up one or more types of inverters.
We'll be using a charge controller.
We've got various sizes of wire to make the system work as well as some fuses and of course a different styles of batteries.
"So the balance of system, or BOS really depends on what size system you're installing."
"A full grid tie system would use a lot different parts than a small battery powered system and a small battery powered system uses actually some very large cables, where a grid tied system does not."
Hello!
We're back.
Pass me the mohee mohee.
You can do it like a sailor.
You can do you a higher pitch.
I want to talk like this or I want to talk like that with a lower pitch.
You can adjust the rate.
You can talk really fast.
Maybe you want to talk this fast or you can talk very slowly and methodically as a puppet.
Maybe you want to throw some other elements all together like a lisp.
Maybe he talks like this.
"He can't say certain letters, so he lisps a little bit."
Either way you're going to want to practice.
"Like we mentioned, use your tools, record it, listen to the voice, and test it out on some of your friends."
Are they getting good response?
Do they like your voice?
Is your character's voice engaging?
Is it something that you want to carry with you and go through many routines with?
"In this segment, we're going to tackle choosing a voice."
"Some people think do you choose the character first and then the voice, or the voice and then the character."
It's up to you.
"In this segment, we're going to just handle how to choose a voice."
There's very many ways to do it.
You can pick it through an accent.
Take for instance a British accent.
"Okay, a couple of more accessories for your nurse costume."
Yet you can tear it pretty easily as well.
So this is a really nice fun effect to your nurse costume to where you can kind of bring in more of the trapping of a nurse into your party.
Another thing which you can also add for some humor are latex gloves.
These of course are used when nurses want to watch out about germs or other nasties in treating their patients and in not spreading them to others.
It is a sanitary precautionary measure.
So you can of course have these gloves on.
"You may get a lot of interesting questions about them, but they are a very fun nurse accessory."
The first is bandages and nurses of course are known for giving medical aid and attention and bandages are a nice easy low lying fruit to add to your nurse costume.
How do you do this?
Go out and get party streamers.
White is the best color for this.
It makes an easy bandage.
You can even go around the party or your Halloween gathering and bandage people up throughout the evening.
Simply applying by unrolling it over.
It is nice and resilient.
"Now the next thing is focusing the energy of the group and this, this is obviously not if you're a speaker because there is no group."
"It's just simply you. Unless you're speaking in a consortium and there's a number of you, but if you're an actor, if you're getting ready to do a play, any kind of group, what you want to do is focus the energy of the group and there are several activities that you can do to do this."
Maybe you want to do some improvisation or simply doing ice breakers like the pulse game where everybody stands in a circle and you send the pulse around the circle.
Everybody holds hands standing in a circle.
"I squeeze the person next to me's hand and they pass it on and it comes all the way back around the circle to me, or perhaps you play a name game where each person in the circle says their name and does a gesture, or says their name and says something that they like and they go all the way around the room."
"Whatever activity it is, it is getting the group connected, getting the group energy at the same place, getting the group in sync with each other."
"So you want to definitely have your individual warm up, but you want to have a group get together as well where you do one, two, maybe three ice breaker or improvisational activities."
"ANDRE BOULAY: So, the next trick we're going to show you is called leg orbits."
The yoyo is actually going up and around your leg.
"So, when the yoyo is sitting here, I'm pulling with this hand which propels it off the string."
It comes over here and this hand helps guide it.
This hand's really not doing too much.
"It's just sitting here, guiding it as the yoyo comes over."
"If it's coming over this way, you're going to want to pull the string so it sits into it."
"The minute the yoyo hits the string, it's just going to spin right down to the other side again, and this is where this hand comes and propels it back up over your leg where you once again guide it back down."
"So practice that, get a good strong throw, and eventually, you'll be able to do this for a really long time, that's called leg orbit."
It's pretty cool looking.
I'm going to show you what it looks like first.
"Just throw the yoyo, just like so, you step over the string like that and we actually do is swing the yoyo around and we'll catch on the string just like that."
That's the leg orbit.
"So, to do this trick, what you want to do is when you throw and you step over it."
This is where I'm going to stop the yoyo and show you what's happening real quick.
"So, the yoyo is coming up over the string, it's being released off this hand."
This hand is pretty much propelling it.
In this clip I am going to talk to you about the basic piece that every drum has.
"This is a drum it is actually a tom tom, the hi tom of my drum set."
"The bearing edge is the wood, the shell that is cut at an angle and the amount of contact wood has with the skin is what determines the sound of the drum."
"So if it is flat, if the bearing edge were flat like this the drum sound would be completely dead, you wouldn't hear anything."
So they are cut on angles like that or they can be a little rounded off and sharpened like that and each way they are cut makes it a little different sound.
This is the tom holder right here.
"This is to hold it up and that is pretty much it for the drum, very simple."
It is made up of the shell which is a cylindrical piece of wood.
"This shell is made of plywood so each piece of wood is glued to each other and wrapped in a circle, that is how it is made."
"This here is the hoop and it is made out of wood, it can also be made out of metal."
This is the lug which attaches the drum head to the drum shell.
This is the drum head and it is made out of plastic.
Back in the day they used to be made out of calf skin.
Those were the original ones.
But plastic is now preferred because of the sound and its durability and here is the most important part of the drum is the bearing edge.
The result of a set is what I just touched on previously in the last segment and I'll go into it even a little bit further.
Now we talked about this thing called the swing.
So the point is that the set is what pretty much decided the hands.
"Now another thing that I tell all of my partners to do and I advise people to do is if the bid comes around to fourth seat again, let's look at this scenario."
This is you here and you are the dealer.
"This person over here bids a three, this person bids a five, and this person bids a one."
"You have a hand that looks like you've got four tricks, you're pretty sure of taking four tricks."
"You might even have ace, king, queen, jack of spades and nothing else."
Do you push it to thirteen?
"Absolutely, no, no,no, no, no unless there is a bag situation where toward the end of the game you're risking going out by taking a bag, never, never, never push the bid to thirteen in fourth seat unless the score clearly dictates that."
"The reason for that is, you're partner has put up a big old five if you had all those spades; he's bidding five on side suits."
"If by chance somebody comes in and trumps one of his five tricks and you only have four you're not going to be able to pick him up because, you already bid the four that you expected to take."
The word swing has nothing to do with the word playground and has nothing to do with dancing.
"So again, the game really, clearly focuses on avoiding the sets and the impact of being set."
"So, safety in contracts, safety in bidding, and particularly when you're bidding numerical bids, remember the average bid of a hand is eleven tricks."
"So when you start pushing it to twelve, when you start pushing it to thirteen, then you're taking full responsibility, you're telling your partner I probably have two extra tricks."
"So again, bid slightly conservatively."
"It has to do with the loss of points versus the gain of points, and again if it's a low level bid it's really not going to matter too much, it's not going to hurt you too much."
"Any bids from say, two because, if you each bid one, that's the most even a two bid can split."
If your bid is combined then you're bidding one trick and you're bidding one trick.
"Well, a couple of my friends said if you can bid one you should bid nil."
Oh really?
If you got the ace of spades are you going to bid nil?
If you've got the ace and a jack of clubs are you going to bid a nil?
"Now, the way I throw it, there are multiple techniques for throwing back crosses."
Different jugglers will teach you different things.
"The way I throw, is I have the back of my hand perpendicular to my back, just like this."
"You bring the club around and throw, bring around and throw."
So practice this throw with each hand over and over trying to get double spin height and then we'll work on incorporating that into a pattern.
"What you need to do, is you're going to have your hand come around from this throwing pattern, pretty high up your back around here, and from here you want to be continuing the throw naturally and letting your wrists spin the club up."
"We're going to help this rider now apply some of her knowledge of communication with hand and leg to that forward moving horse that we now want to be balanced, smooth and light on their forehand."
Horses inherently like to go out and do their work in a similar sloppy fashion to many of us in our daily lives.
"When this hock bends nicely, and that foot can step forward and underneath the horse, almost like it were coming into a tight rope, that's when that horse can balance itself well and go through the circles."
"So, we want a horse that knows how to use their bodies well enough so they can do all of those quick turns and spins and maintain circles as we take them to those disciplines that we hope to compete in."
"Hi I'm Kim with Simply Beautiful in Austin, Texas."
Let's talk about how to tan without burning.
A lot of people don't know but the number on a sunscreen stands for how much longer you can stay in the sun with sunscreen on then without.
"So if you burn in 10 minutes you'll be able to stay in 15 times longer than that, or 20 times, or 50 times."
Most people don't really need a 50.
So we're just blending it making sure that we get all the delicate areas.
I don't want you to put sunscreen in your eyes or really closely around your eye area because if there is and it gets in your eyes it'll sting.
So as close to your eye area as you can but not on it.
Don't forget a nice sunblocking lip moisturizer.
They have them with 15 or even 20 sunscreen.
Almost impossible.
"So what we're going to need to do is build our exposure time in the sun up a little bit at a time, say 10 to 15 minutes a day."
"Also important, of course, is sunscreen."
So you want to apply the sunscreen liberally all over your face and body.
"Don't forget your chest, your hands, and the tops of your feet."
We're going to just demonstrate on Megan just to show you about how much we want to put on her face.
We're going to use a 15 with Megan because Megan doesn't burn very easily because she has olive colored skin.
"Those of you who are more fair are going to want to have higher number sunscreen, so you want to shoot for a 30, 45."
This surface here would be what would be visible in the ear.
The beige part that's visible there would fit inside the ear canal and it would be flush with the opening or the surface here would be flush with the opening of the ear canal.
It's virtually invisible and sits very deep in the ear canal.
That's the smallest that's currently available.
The next kind size up is what we call an in the canal hearing aid.
"It's a little bit larger, it also sits very deep in the ear canal, but as you can see, the surface is a little bit bigger."
This is the part that would be visible in the opening of the ear canal.
The next size up is called an in the ear hearing aid.
This is larger still and fills more of the ear canal.
What we want to remember is when when we bring our finger tips up to our shoulders.
"We are lightly pressing them down, our hands can go back to our side with our shoulders slightly coming backward."
This is very important that you attain perfect posture.
Also what really helps your chest is to pull in your stomach muscles so that then your entire body relaxes and you can just relax as you attain perfect posture.
As you can clearly see now I have pressed my shoulders down slightly back and my stomach muscles are in and then a front view of perfect posture.
You know attaining perfect posture requires practice and it really helps if you have a mirror. So you can look in the mirror and see yourself.
At a profile and notice if your shoulders are slumped.
Then you're having bad posture.
You can notice in the mirror by pulling the shoulders up.
You clearly pull in the stomach muscles and it relaxes your whole body.
"Now we're going to look at the space that occurs between letters; and I'm sorry to say, I don't have a formula for you for how they fit together, because letters are all different shapes."
"So, I think it's good to practice words, and to look at the way letters fit together in words."
"For example, if I have a word that has two ""O's"", I'm probably going to put them a little closer, and I'll make a word that has two ""L's"", of course I'm skipping the whole rest of the word."
"If we analyze the space that's in between these two letters, we're going to say, ""well my goodness, that space is extremely thin"", and we'll look at the space between the ""L's"" and say, ""well at least double that space."""
"Because the letters themselves in-compass some space, so we've got some extra space occurring here, and here, which we don't have on the ""L's"", we're going to open up the space between ""L's"", and close up the space between ""O's""."
"And as we look at some other possibilities of combinations, for example, when I have the letter ""R""; the letter ""R"" builds its own space, so I leave very little space, if I'm writing the letter run, (why don't I write run and show you) so that the space here is quite narrow, and the space here is wider."
So we really make our letter spacing based on the shapes of the letters that we're combining.
And that's going to help us to make an even pattern of writing across the page.
"So again, I think it's helpful to practice a word that you think you might have trouble spacing a couple of times."
"So, how do you tell the quality of tea?"
The quality of tea comes from different places.
"And the flavor of the tea should be very present; even if you're drinking a white tea that you think is a very mild tea, so you shouldn't really taste the tea."
But the sweetness of the white tea will come out when it's fresh and if it's a good quality tea.
Thank you.
"The leaf, the type of leafs, what it looks like before it's brewed, what it looks like after it's been brewed."
"Also, the aroma of the tea leaves before you brew it."
"If it smells, if there is no scent that the tea leaves impart before it touches water, it might be a tea that's been on the counter or on sale for a bit long."
You want to get a tea that imparts a certain aroma.
"And if you get, once you've smelled it you want to brew the leaf, and once you brew the tea leaf, and the aroma from the cup has to be stronger or impart something similar of the dry leaf brew, but much stronger."
And the other thing is the to look at the clarity of the color of the brew.
"If you get a a longjing or dragon well, which is a very popular Chinese green tea, the brew will be very clear."
"If it's cloudy, it means you've got dust in the tea leaves and it also might be old."
"Proper golf course etiquette is a very, very important part of the golf game."
"My name is Jared Garbett with Echo Farms Country Club, and I'm going to teach you how to practice proper golf etiquette."
"Just being generally respectful of the people in your group, the people in front of and the people behind you, is perfect."
Just practice the golden rule.
Do unto others as you would have them do unto you.
"Don't hit into the group in front of you, and don't hold up the group behind you."
That's how you practice proper golf etiquette.
"Before arriving at the course, you need to call ahead and make a tee time."
"This lets the golf course know that you're coming, so that they don't book somebody else in your spot."
"You also want to check for any specific regulations that the golf course may have, as far as dress code, wearing proper golf attire, collared shirts, pants, and what types of shoes you need to wear."
Making sure that you play fast whenever you get to the golf course is extremely important as well.
You should never take any more than four and a half hours to play eighteen holes of golf.
"While you're out on the course, you want to make sure you're quiet while other people are hitting."
You want to make sure that you never stand in front of anybody as they get ready to hit their golf shot.
"Whenever it's your turn to hit your shot, you need to make sure that you're ready and you take your time when hitting the shot, but do not take any more time than you need."
Now there is over 300 Hookah bars in the nation.
I am sure you can find one locally but what you should expect from going to a Hookah bar.
So five hours is definitely not uncommon for people to relax and invite your friends to come in and they slowly come in and they join you and keep ordering Hookahs.
You can have many Hookahs on your table so that is a little bit of what you can expect going out to a Hookah bar.
A lot of time are middle eastern owned.
"A lot of them are coffee shops, don't have drinks they just have the Hookah."
"You can drink tea and coffee but if you are going to go out to one of the night club versions such as are we, expect kind of a different experience."
It is not quite as laid back it is a little more of a night club experience.
Most of them are quite swanky so I would dress up and when you go to a Hookah bar it is not like going to the bar down the street.
It is not like that where you just go in and have a quick pint and leave.
The customers here they lounge out all night.
"We, our normal customer average, I'd say they are here for at least three hours and many many times we have customers here that get here at 8 p.m. and they don't leave until 1."
"How do you create your own step, pretty much all the time comes from your heart."
Comes a little bit more how you feel the music.
"When the music goes a little bit fast, and when the music kicks a little bit higher, and this is when I like to create my own step."
"So I like everything just pretty much fast and move, and pretty much have me excited with that the extra beat of music they have."
"So don't worry about it, if you need to create your own step, the only thing you need to do is turn up the music, put some music and just let it go."
Okay.
See you in the next step.
Yeah.
It's very simple how to create your step if you feel the music.
"So, every time you want to create your own step, just put the music, listen to the music, just put out a little bit loud, if you're driving, even if you're home, you can put the music, you can start doing some homework all around the house, you can do everything pretty much that you love to do like put some music on it."
"Like for example, fixing your car or be outside your house or be inside your house, whatever, you all the time, for creating your own step, you're going to need your music."
Yes.
"Put the music, feel it, and like I said before, if you feel, if it feels good, it's going to look good."
"Don't worry about it. Okay. So all the time, try to use your body as a tool and however you feel the music, for me, it has to be fast."
The next thing I'm going to talk to you about is chest lifts with accent.
We're going to add the accent to the chest lift that we just learned.
"Up real sharp, and drop slow."
"Up real sharp, and drop slow."
We can also put the accents on the bottom.
So what we're going to do is we're going to drop real heavy and lift.
"Drop and lift, drop and lift, drop and lift, drop and lift."
Now from there you can pick up the pace.
We'll put the accent on the top.
"So lift, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, and drop, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight."
That's your chest lift with accent.
"Again, it's very important to keep yourself in correct posture, tail bone tucked under, knees slightly bent, chest lifted."
You want to make sure your chin is level.
"So for the chest lift, going back to the chest lift, lift and drop, lift and drop, lift and drop."
"Again, right here from the rib cage, lift and drop, lift and drop."
Keeping the shoulders at a level pace here.
Lift and drop.
Now we're going to add the accents.
"What you want to do is you want to put the accents on the ups so when you come up, up, real sharp, drop slow."
"Hi, this is Sean Hobson, and what we're talking about right now is how to become a good shooter off the move in a good fundamental way."
And one of the best fundamental ways we can do is the shot fake and drive.
You don't want to dribble to the side.
"If he shot fakes, and dribbles to the side, then he's not going towards the basket."
"His defender, all he has to do is just take a step and he's still in contact with him."
"He wants to dribble towards the basket, and then make the shot."
So it's going to look like this.
"Shot fake, dribble, and he makes the shot."
Good.
"So, shot fake, dribble towards the basket, set yourself up for a good shot off the move, and then knock down the shot."
That's how you become a good shooter off the move.
"Now, a shot fake is a very big tool to use against the defense, because everybody wants to block the shot."
"So if I'm a defender, and I see him get the ball, and he's showing me a shot, the first thing I'm going to do is I'm going to come jumping up here to block his shot every single time."
"And that's going to get me off balance, it's going to get me out of the way I normally play, and so this guy's going to be able to drive around me almost every time."
"So, what we're going to do is, we're going to have him shot fake."
Now when you shot fake it's very important not to move your feet.
"You don't want to shot fake and take a step, and then take another step, or it's going to be a travel."
"So, you want to catch the ball, shot fake, don't move your head, keep your eyes locked on the him."
"You want to shot fake, and then cross the ball low, go past your defender."
"What's up, it's James."
"Alright, so I'm going to basically take through real quick my set up that I have with my detergent and stuff like that."
"So I'm kind of a brand junkie and I've been using Tide since when I was born, and I continue to use Tide; and I like Tide, Tide smells fantastic."
"There's obviously like so many different options out there for you, detergent; for your bleach, for you're dryer sheets, for you're fabric softeners."
"So I mean you can't really go like that wrong, like I mean we're in America and like America's all about choice, and advertising and the Tide companies got me hooked so that's you know that's fine."
"But like figure out what works for you as far as stuff goes, like also educate yourself though that like I mean as far as just detergent goes like this stuff is just liquid, just; see if we can get the camera, like you just pour yours like that."
"Like there's, there's powder detergent, there's I don't know all different kinds and there's stuff like specifically for colors or specifically for whites."
Side Flexion Sitting On The Ball With The Weights By The Side is an option if you can do this exercise standing up.
"I'm going to warn you that you must have small weights because if the weights are too big, they're really going to interfere, the size is going to interfere with the ball."
"So you're kind of have a smaller base for your support of, on the ball that you're sitting."
"And again, you want to make sure that you keep the weights small, or maybe you have wrist weights, wrist bands that you can wear instead because weights are going to be a problem with the size and the ball being right there where the path of the weights need to be."
"So again, also, keep in mind that the head wants to go with the rest of the spine, none of that or none of that."
"So you want to make sure that maybe you check in the mirror or in the reflection or somebody, spot you for a bit until your muscle memory develops, do a feel on each side and you're on a way to a happy, healthy core."
See you soon.
So it's not a good idea if you're ready to use heavier weights.
This is for lighter weights or no weights if you're starting to train your core and you need to start just learning how to do the exercise.
"Now sitting on the fitness ball, it's going to take you to where you're sitting on your sit bones and you're spine is going to be align, shoulders down and back."
So you're chest is open and up.
"So none of this, okay."
"Now, the weights by the side, you're going to keep your head align as you take an inhale, and take a side, it's like a side crunch."
"Exhale as you're coming up, inhale, exhale, inhale, exhale."
Now way to make it a little more challenging on the balance is maybe lifting your heels off the floor.
This exercise is Large Arm Circles.
"And once again, we're going to spread the band out flat and we're going to sit in the middle of it."
"Grabbing the ends of the band between the forefingers and the thumb, we're going to go ahead and take a nice inhale, exhale stabilize the abdominals and bring the arms up, inhale back, exhale around."
"Inhale up, exhale."
Inhale and exhale.
Inhale and exhale.
Now we're going to reverse.
"Inhale lower, exhale up and over."
"Inhale lower, exhale up and over."
"Now I do have a slight bend in my elbow, designed to be more of a micro bend than an actual bend, because we really don't ever want to lock any of our joints, whether it's the knees or the elbows."
"This type of collar is called a Convertible Collar, or an Open Collar."
"It's similar to the Trench Coat Collar, in that, it has the two pieces on each side, sewn together."
"The convertible part of it, comes from the fact that, this is like the, basically, a Convertible Collar just is referencing the basic collar, and the open term, if you want to call it convertible, call it convertible."
"If you want to call it open, call it open."
"It is going to lie further out from the neck than the regular collar, regular Convertible Collar is."
"This also, in this version, I've shown it with the more feminine type buttonholes, that have vertical ones, as opposed to horizontal."
"That just gives it another look, and the openness of the collar, allows for the neck bones, the clavicle to be shown, which in fashion design, is going to create a more elegant look, because that symbolizes more of a put together, elegant frame, just in general."
"CLANCY ROSE: All right, so now we are going to move on to mixing your breve, unless you already have just a quart of--or you already have some half and half ready and then steaming the milk for the double breve latte."
Here today I have just a gallon of whole milk and a [SOUNDS LIKE] thing of heavy whipping cream.
Then you are going to drop down the pitcher so that the tip of the steam wand is just right at or right above the surface of the milk.
"You are going to hear air start to being introduced into the milk, and what you are doing is creating foam at that point."
"And with breve, since it contains more fat, we are going to want to stretch it for longer."
"So, for breve latte, I am going to be stretching for about seven or eight seconds and then I am going to push this pitcher back up and get it at the right angle again so that it is spinning around inside the pitcher again and keep that up until it is at the temperature that I want the milk."
"So, I am going to mix that, just equal portions, half whole milk and half heavy whipping cream, which is going to make half and half or breve."
And I am going to fill that up in the pitcher.
"I am using a 14-ounce cup, so I am going to fill up the milk to the pitcher to about this ridge."
This is how much milk you should use.
I am going to begin the steaming process.
What I do is I do the steaming in three motions.
"The first is positioning the pitcher around the steam wand, in such a way--at an angle to where when you turn the steam wand on, the milk starts swirling around in a circle inside the steaming pitcher."
"I do that until the milk temperature kind of matches the temperature of my hand, it is about 100 degrees, and you just kind of feel this warm break in the milk."
Your wheels; picking out the proper skateboard wheels is very important.
"What you're going to want to do is, you're going to want to pick out the right hardness and the right size for your skating."
"And then you have a black wheel here; the black wheel is sometimes a little softer, so you'll notice that it feels a little softer to the rolling on the street."
And then you actually have super soft Kryptonic wheels; now these are just pretty much for cruising or sometimes for a filmer to set up a board to roll along with the skateboarder while he's skating.
"Now, the hardness of the wheel is written somewhere on the side of the wheel, or should be somewhere found."
"Now, these soft wheels are ninety-eight A's, which tell you that they're pretty soft."
Usually wheels will run somewhere between a ninety six and a one hundred and one.
"Now, these Rictas here are probably somewhere around a one hundred or a one hundred and one hardness, which is the usual street wheel."
"Now, they're usually smaller, compact and they're a little bit harder."
"And the reason that they're a little bit harder, is so that when you end up sliding across surfaces, they don't end up flat spotting."
"And Rictas are very good, they usually don't flat spot at all."
"A softer wheel, if it slides across a surface doesn't turn because it's not as hard."
"You're going to notice that, when it comes to having smaller wheels, that you're a little closer to the ground."
So it stops and it slides in one spot while your sliding and this causes a flat spot.
"And it doesn't take very much of a flat spot on a skateboard wheel to make it a load ride and roll down the street, and go da, da, da, da, because of the flat spot."
"Now, the way to avoid this, is usually riding a harder wheel if you intend on doing some kinds of slides."
And this is how you pick out the proper skateboard wheel.
"So the distance between the bottom of the wheel and the truck is very small, and so it's a lot lower."
"And the bigger the wheel that you get, you'll notice, that you'll be a little higher off the ground."
"Now, what this will do is in picking a wheel size will not only change the speed that you're traveling, so the bigger wheel will go a little faster than the smaller wheel, but also when you're doing a trick, and you're pushing down on the tail, a larger wheel will require you to go a lot steeper before the tail actually hits the ground."
"So, when you're picking out wheels, or when your choosing a wheel size, it's best to stick with a certain size, because your board will feel familiar to you when you hit the tail on the ground."
"Now, that's one reason that people pick a certain kind of size wheel and that's for tricks, and being lower to the ground and being able to have that control of the pop."
"The other reason, picking wheels, is for the ride that you get and how it feels while you're cruising."
"Now, there's a lot of different wheels that you can get, and here we have a white wheel, that's pretty normal, Ricta's, that feel like a normal street wheel and they're kind of narrow."
First I am going to show you what to do with our saturated book.
As I mentioned before how we deal with each book follows from saturated to least saturated going in a very prescribed set of steps.
The important thing to remember for the saturated book is that you want to keep it up on end while you are letting it dry.
This is to allow the maximum amount of air flow to the pages.
"You can see that the pages are too wet in order to separate even, so you want to be able to get as much air flowing around here through the top as possible."
"If your book is so wet that it doesn't want to stand up on end then go ahead and use book holders, bookends in order to keep it upright."
You want to make sure that the bookends that you use don't have anything on the edge that is going to get wet and rub off on the book or stick to the book and damage it even more.
It's important for you to have something absorbent underneath the book.
You want to have paper towels or some type of absorbent cloth.
It's important because it is going to get wet and you are going to want to keep an eye on your book and check it at least every half hour in order to change the material underneath it and to flip the book around.
Let's drill the footwork for the Egyptian walk.
So we're going to start.
"Step, touch."
"Step, together."
Forward.
"Step, together."
"Keep the knees bent, belly button pulled in."
"Step, together."
Good.
Still going forward.
"And step, together."
"Step, together."
I'm going to turn my back towards you.
"So, try to visualize that you're walking across a pond on lily pads and you don't want to get your feet wet."
"So the foot's not out here, the feet are always step, and then together."
"Step, together, step, together."
"As you step, don't let your ankle fall out."
"Keep the weight on that toe, keep that ankle pulled in nice and strong."
Good.
"Step, together."
Even if you're taking tiny steps make sure those toes come together.
We're going to start with our weight on the left foot.
We're going to step - keep the arms out away from the body.
"Keep the knees bent, belly button pulled in, chest lifted shoulder blades down and back."
"Good, we're going to step forward on the right foot and bring the left foot to meet it here."
Step and touch.
Step and touch.
"Take it back: step, touch."
"Okay, the next process you have is to decide if you need gray coverage, if you actually have gray hair showing and you need to cover gray."
That's the major reason why people want to color their hair.
Some people have less gray than others.
Have you colored your hair previously or not.
"Again, this is another product."
"It says 100% long-lasting gray coverage, protects even fragile hair."
"So if you have fine hair, make sure you're buying something for fragile fine hair."
"If you don't have gray, I mean if you have gray here, you probably don't want to use a semi-permanent color because it's not going to cover your gray hair."
It's going to wash out and just give you some strange orange and pink highlights.
"So when covering gray, make sure you're looking for something that has 100% gray coverage on the box and in the instructions."
You have to do your homework again on this because all colors are not created equal.
You're looking for 100% gray coverage on the box that you purchase.
"So, it says on here, 100% gray coverage."
That's the process you're looking for.
"This is a great root touch-up product because that's exactly what it's for, to touch up the roots and touch up the gray."
Make sure you read your instructions because it's going to tell you in the instructions.
Read them fully before you get started.
It's going to tell you how long to process based on how gray your hair is.
You can teach your dog to use a litter box.
There are many different solutions out there that have an attractant that will draw your dog to the litter in the box and are more acceptable for dog use than for cat use.
"Also, some dogs will not be comfortable going to the bathroom on concrete or gravel and so they might need an alternative to that."
"There might also be a situation where you have a small dog and you're gone for a long period of time or you're going to be going away and somebody's only going to be coming to check on your dog once a day, which may not be recommended."
I would check with your landlord and make sure that these are all appropriate things for your building.
"But, that might be another reason why you would choose to use a litter box for your dog."
"So look, go out and look for a dog litter box in particular."
They're also a little bit larger and have an easier entrance for them to make the dog more comfortable.
"If your dog is already trained to pee pads or newspaper, you can start by putting pieces of those things in the box to draw the dog to go in the same location."
Dogs tend to like to use the same spot where they've gone before.
The same general area.
You can also bring in some of their feces from outside and put it in the litter box again to draw them to that and then just work slowly.
You might need to confine your dog until you think that they need to go to the bathroom and then only give them access to that litter box so that hopefully that's where they'll choose to go.
You might choose to use a dog litter box if you live in a high rise or an urban area where it's hard to get your dog outside to go to the bathroom.
To your look.
They can look good with hair hidden behind or with short hair dangling down the neck.
A shorter stud earring is less obvious and more subtle than a dangling chandler earring.
But again if you?re a smaller person large dangling earrings can be more overwhelming than and a smaller stud earring may be more appropriate for your size.
And then there is the always impeccable mid length earring.
Anybody can wear this no matter how big they are.
So the warranty is set by the manufacturer.
"The warranties, we have two different warranties, they have two different warranties."
"The companies will take care of your product, of your unit if you use it the right way."
"If you play with it they're not going to take care of it, you won't have it under warranty."
"They have an extended warranty and it's actually a great piece to have because again, they have an extended warranty that you can buy which is an additional warranty on top of the manufacturer."
"Not just for the mechanism, for the sofa, but it does the whole couch, against rips, tears, and burns."
"But it's a great piece because it extends that warranty out there, and makes you, when you spend that money."
"It makes you as an investment that you're going to have a five or ten year warranty for the product you're going to buy, it's going to last."
It's going to last a lot longer than going back and buying something in two years because you didn't have an extended warranty.
"The manufacturer sets up the warranty, through the normal wear and tear, or the normal defects."
"As you can see this unit here, I'm giving you this as an example."
This is a reclining unit.
"Now this reclining unit has a lever, has a switch right here."
"With this switch that you pull out right now, it will bring the piece up."
"If you go ahead and take care of this, they give you a lifetime warranty, which is normal on any of these couches."
"The only way that they can have damages, or they can have damages from the kids, or adults are playing with it, and just fooling around with the switch."
But it's very easy.
"Hi I'm JK Dooley and we're talking today about giclee reproductions and when you choose paper, unfortunately or fortunately depending on how you look at it, there's a perception of quality just based on the product that you choose."
"Some people think that paper as compared to canvas means it's an inferior product, and that's not true, but that's perception."
So one of the ways I kind of fight that is when I choose a paper to print on I make sure that I choose a quality paper that has some weight to it as opposed to this particular paper that's pretty light and actually feels kind of like poster paper.
"So people go by their sense of touch a lot when it comes to this kind of stuff. So if you choose a heavier weight paper that gives them a perception of something of a little more value, and then something just as subtle as this paper has been cut, as you can see, with a blade and this paper I hand tear the edges on this paper.So you get an interesting edge there."
It's a nice deckled edge and people equate that with a higher quality product.
So that's a really good way to work with paper and make sure people feel that they're getting a good quality product which they are.
So today we are going to talk about the tools that you will need for wire jewelry making.
You will start with a pair of round nose pliers.
These are a little hard to find but if you can find them I suggest it highly.
"Your flat nose pliers you are going to use to flatten the wire, these you also have an option to wrap the wire."
"Wire comes in varying sizes, gauges and types so we will go into that a little later."
Your beads are basically by your choice.
Whatever beads kind of call to you.
"And then a pair of wire cutters, you want to get the most, the sharpest and best quality wire cutters as possible."
Finally your towel is going to keep from your beads flying all over the place and thats your basic needs for wire making jewelry.
You will need a pair of flat nose pliers.
You will also of course need wire.
A towel so your beads dont fly away.
Beads or findings and wire cutters.
Your round nose pliers are essential.
"Thats what you are going to need to work with the wire, to bend the wire."
"Also these are really cool because you can, they have got flat nose and round so it's kind of an all in one pair of pliers."
You can actually cut the wire with these.
Today I'm going to teach you how to slide.
In this segment we're going to teach you a technique called the slide by.
A slide by the only difference is when we normally slide to the base with your foot making contact to the base you want to slide away from the base and reaching with your arm.
Now a regular slide by like we demonstrated is a simple slide just with your foot going directly to the base.
A slide by is slightly different.
"We're sliding the exact same way, the technique doesn't change but the slide is now away from the base taking the momentum up to the base with your left arm and reaching it with your left hand."
This is only done to where if you are able to avoid a tag and making the play reach for you as oppose to reaching for your ankle for a simple out.
"Vodka, extremely versatile liquor, but, what's the best drink to have it with?"
"Hi, my name's Jeff Klein, and I'm a vodka connoisseur and bartender, here at Beak's Old Florida, St. Petersburg."
"Mixes up with a nice little off color to it, let's you know that olive juice is in there, put a couple olives on a sword, and ready to serve."
"It's a classic, never go wrong."
"Olive juice compliments the vodka perfectly, and almost anybody will love it."
"So, that is your best tasting vodka drink."
"My name's Jeff Klein and I'm vodka connoisseur and bartender here at Beak's Old Florida, St. Pete."
And I'm going to tell you what's the best tasting vodka drink.
"Now, I think you should stick with the classics."
And that is a martini.
"But, nothing compliments a vodka martini better than olive juice."
"So, the best tasting vodka drink would be a dirty martini."
"Now, the trick is, you don't want to put in too much olive juice, cause, if you wanted that you would just be drinking the olive juice."
"Second, you get yourself a good vodka, over ice, a good shake to it, and a martini glass."
All fairly simple so far.
Lets talk a little bit about throw ropes.
"We have a variety of different size throw ropes, this is a small throw rope here, has about a forty foot rope, pretty thin rope here, clips open, you can see that the ropes inside here."
We have a throw rope thats attached to your waist so you know exactly where it is at all times.
"This again sort of a shortish rope, around forty feet, good for throwing ropes for short swims, people a short distance away and then this is more of a typical rafting throw rope."
"Its about a seventy-five foot rope, essentially the same design."
"When this comes new to you, its neatly wrapped inside the bag, you need to take it out and throw it once to get all that neatness out of it and then when you repack this rope."
"You pack it in a random way just stuffing the rope inside the bag and that way it enables it to, enables you to throw the rope, and the rope in the bag just feeds themselves out nicely which is great."
"So, I have a model here."
"And, what I want to show you all is that she has a base color that was applied."
"And, then you go back in like our model has with a highlight lowlight it really is a good blending situation for the gray."
"And, it's really color is all what you can compare it to what it lays against."
"And, because you have a mixture and a dimensional look you're not focusing on the gray."
You're focusing on the other colors.
"And, not as wide."
You should blend your gray with highlights and lowlights and a base color.
"And, it's a little bit darker."
"And, she also has a highlight in there."
"And, you can get a lot of different placements to blend gray."
This placement is a little bit more of a medium chunkier placement.
"So, there's areas between the highlight versus the low light."
"But, what happens with the gray is gray grows out."
It's normally just on the root or the base of the hair.
"So, what tends to happen when you get the based covered the base actually covered with color."
I'm Ivan Madar.
Skiing is done from your waste down.
The upper body and the arms are really used for balance and for counteracting some of the forces that come in advanced skiing when you have to deal with a lot of speed.
"But, the upper body is not involved in rotations, not these movements in skiing."
In skiing the movements go up and down or up and forward.
"Now, we learned all the basic principles and biomechanics and your basic stance and balance, now let's put it to use."
"Let's put on some gear, put on some boots, get skis, get poles, put on some hats and gloves and let's go out on the snow."
Another example of why you need to flex your knees (which is a phrase that is used all the time in skiing but there's a lot of truth in it)...if you do not flex your knees you will not be able to accomplish most of the rotary movement and most of the weight transfer movement.
I will give you an example: straighten out your knees and now try to jump.
"It's very difficult, you have no control."
"Now, flex your knees and jump."
"Obviously, it is much easier."
"So the knees, throughout skiing, work as shock absorbers through almost any movement and will help you whenever you have a skill you are going to learn on the snow."
"So, these are the basic biomechanical principles that are applied throughout the skiing progression and it's very good to do these skills on a dry land before you go; try it."
Try to go.
"As I said before bags were put into the game, were added to the game in the late 1960's because, this feature was to help to ratchet down, I guess you could ratchet up too, That's an interesting word."
"The use of the bidding by the old classic spaders who decided that well, maybe the partners had to bid a minimum of two."
In spades the bag feature was added to add a dimension to the game where bagging does become a key part of the game.
"The great players really know how to utilize the bagging strategy, and the idea is to try to force the opponents into the penalty situation for underbidding the hands."
There is a fine line between over bidding and under bidding and it's called the eleven bid.
"You know that when the hand is bid at eleven, you have to make a decision, are you going to go for the set, or are you going to go for the bags?"
"It's tough to beat a trick, I mean if you have a suit that looks like queen, eight, and a really small one six."
Can you really bid that for a trick?
"Well, if it was spades, probably."
"If it was hearts and so forth, but there's often times where you'd be forced to take a trick from that hand."
"And, a lot of the good players, what they do is that if they're forced to take this queen earlier then they say okay I took a trick I wasn't counting on and maybe if I can take another one that I'm not counting on and there's an eleven bid on the table, perhaps I can go for a set."
"So again, keep in mind that bagging is part of the game and the accumulation of over tricks will result in penalties, but it's like losing one-hundred points."
So you get these eight and nine bids and who cares if you make over tricks.
But then again if you over bid then you wind up getting into set situations.
When we look at the advance side of this particular topic we will see the impact on bags and how the strategy of bagging really takes a big role in the end game of spades.
"Again, conservative but not too conservative."
Bid the tricks that you think you're going to take without going over the limit.
"In other words, you didn't have to bid accurately."
"Some variations in the game even allowed people to bid three and if they made five, they got credit for five."
"So if that's the case, then why would you bid five, you just could bid three, you could bid one."
You could be much like the whisk group that has a game that's a lot of fun.
"They play with jokers, they play with the kitty."
It's just a really wild west game and if you bid four then you make thirteen and you get what's called a Boston and isn't that just great?
"Then you could bid null, trump and so forth."
Now I am going to show you how to do a triple buffalo.
"Lift one foot up, strike the flat part of the toe tap on the floor, pull the flat part of the toe tap back, land on the ball of the foot."
The triple buffalo can be a very impressive way to change formations in your choreography.
"Lift one foot, shuffle, step, shuffle, switch."
"Shuffle, step, shuffle, switch."
"Shuffle, step, shuffle, switch."
Now I'll show you how to travel a little bit faster.
Now I'll show you the rear view traveling.
"Shuffle, step, shuffle, hop."
"Then you want to lift up the opposing foot, strike the flat part of that toe tap forward, pull the flat part of the tap back, hop and switch feet, remembering to land on the ball of your foot."
"Lift the right foot, strike the flat part of the tap forward, pull the flat part of the tap back, land on the ball of the foot, strike the flat part of the opposing foot forward, pull the tap back, hop and switch feet."
"Shuffle, step, shuffle, switch."
Now I am going to show you the side view of the triple buffalo.
"Lift one foot, front, back, step, front, back, switch."
Now I am going to show you the rear view of the triple buffalo.
"Shuffle, step, shuffle, switch."
Now I am going to show you how to travel with the triple buffalo.
Let's talk about the magnified view in image playback.
"In order to activate image playback you're going to need to press the button on the furthest side of your camera, at the very bottom left corner there's a blue triangle."
"What I can do is use this control just above the quick control dial a little bit to the right of the LCD screen and it kind of acts like a joystick and what I can do is use that to navigate around in my image by pressing in, really any direction and I can scroll around to look at different parts of my image."
I can zoom out and then scroll over to the left.
"I can scroll down or diagonally, but what I'm going to do is go ahead and zoom back out, and I was in there pretty close."
Now I'm back to index view.
"What I can do is go ahead and select another image and then, and zoom in and check out another image."
It's a good way to check your exposure settings and look at some of the detail on your image.
"It's, another thing you can do is get a magnifying glass to place over the top of your LCD screen and look at some of the detail you're getting on your images."
Go ahead and press that button to activate playback mode and what you're going to do is scroll through with your quick control dial and select an image.
"I'm going to select that one by pressing set, actually to, it is selected what I'm going to do is zoom in there with the zoom button that looks like a magnifying glass with a plus sign in the middle."
"Up here on the top right side of the camera, I'm going to go ahead and press that, now I'm at full size view, and what I want to do is zoom in a little bit further to get closer to see how my, how my focus was and see some of the detail on this image."
Now I'm about as close as I'm going to get.
That's as close as I can zoom in.
That gives me a pretty good idea of the image quality and the sharpness on some of those more contrasted areas of the shot and obviously right now this little indicator in the bottom of the screen is kind of grayed out and there's a white square inside there.
"That white square is the image, is the area of the image that I'm zoomed in to."
Right now I'm exactly in the center of the image.
There is a glass medium considered a glazing as well it's just a plain piece of glass.
There is not rule the difference between this glass and the glass in your window in your house.
"It's very clear, it gives you a reflection, the reflection is really good because it's reflecting the light back to you rather than absorbing it through the glass and into your picture."
It's one of the ones I prefer it gives you a crisp clear picture every time and that's it's clean.
About this time we can also start teaching nonsense words.
"Nonsense words are words that are not real, we don't use them, but they illustrate the same rule that we're working on."
"So right now we're working on the simple short vowel sounds and learning consonant sounds so a nonsense word in this category would be like fid, fid, and remember to tell your child these are not real words and if you, sometimes I mix nonsense words in with real words and I say that's not a real word."
"What this does is, it teaches the child the pure act of sounding out without trying to guess what the word is."
"After a while, children will look at p i and just try to guess that you're writing pin or you're writing pig and they won't even look at the last letter and they'll get it wrong."
"To keep your child from trying to jump ahead, we have these nonsense words so we fill it up with fid, and din or any word you can think of that is not a real word, fill it up with those words and have them practice these words also as they're practicing the real words."
This will work for any new rule as we go into larger words with blends and silent e's and different vowel combinations.
You can still use that rule and throw in a word that's not a real word to teach them to sound out purely.
"In my hand, this is a steel reel Patterson with a plastic lock on it."
You can see there's a little tiny clip in there.
"When I hear that sound again, the film is going on, and I get it on my reel and I'm good to go."
Some people feel these reels are a little bit easier to use and in a way I think they are.
"I want to hold the reel between my hand like this, film between my thumb and my finger, and this point I want to have facing out."
A very important part of using this type of reel is this point right here.
"I'm going to take the film and with my thumb I'm just going to slide it in, little bit difficult but not really."
"Once that film is in, I know that I'm at a place where I can start to roll."
"And again I'm going to hold the film between my thumb and my finger, and I just start to take up."
This is almost...rolling film is almost more in your wrist.
It's really...it's almost so easy it makes it difficult.
"Let me show you the ingredients for the stuffed cabbaged we're going to be using 2 lbs of ground beef, 1 to 2 heads of cabbage, 3/4 cups of rice, 3 eggs, 1 onion, 1/4 cup of ketchup, 1/2 teaspoon of salt, 1/2 teaspoon of black pepper, and 1 clove of garlic."
Here's a little tip on making cabbage rolls really easy normally recipes will call for the cabbage to be steamed in order to make the leaves soft enough to roll the cabbage rolls.
"What I like to do is as soon as I buy the cabbage I'll core it out and place it in the freezer, now when you take them out of the freezer and they thaw out the leaves are soft as you steamed the cabbage, and very easy to roll the cabbage rolls."
This is worth very doing and makes it very much easier.
This type of neck opening is a button down collar.
"This is just like on a regular button down the front oxford shirt that has cuffs, boring old plain shirt that a man would wear with a tie."
"So we want to draw that, and then go down to wherever the collar's going to end."
And then draw our top button and our button placket.
And then draw your buttons to make it an actual button down collar.
The button down collar means that it has buttons on the collar very literally.
"This would be for typically, simply obviously it's a man, and he's wearing a tie."
Usually they're going to have the buttons.
That's what that's for.
But for women they're it could be a decoration.
You could wear a tie with it whatever you want to do.
"Whatever, whatever you want to draw, just draw."
"Make sure again that you show that it's a collar that it's going around the entire neck, not just two little squares coming out from the shoulders."
O.k.
"now on this time imagine that your opponent isn't that strong of a server .You're, you're turning your second serve or you're, you've really; you've got a pretty good serve return."
Oh that ball had some muster on it!
"So as you can see you just do this drill and you're going to get a pretty good return and your opponent knows that if you can return their serve their in a lot, their in a very tough; tough hole because then they don't have any weapons."
"So if you can return a serve it really makes you that much more of a deadly player because a serve is usually a main weapon for a lot of players, and if you can return it pretty effortlessly it makes holding your serve that much easier."
So we're going to do the topspin forehand serve return now.
"So Ken's going to demonstrate this, but I'm going to serve to him."
"So what I want you to think about is here imagine I'm returning serve to my forehand, so I have the racket in my forehand position; forehand grip and I turn, now because it's a serve there's a lot of pace on it."
"I don't need to take this huge turn, but I just turn and then I want to hit the ball like that."
"So I'm trying to maybe win the point with this return or just hit a nice force, tough return which puts them in a weak position so then I can bring the point maybe on the next shot or the shot after."
So Ken's going to demonstrate forehand topspin serve return.
"And it's a great shot to work on, and you can win a lot of points if you get a good return."
Good; try it again.
DAVID CLEMEN: Hi.
"And today, we're going to do an abstract painting."
Hi.
Welcome back.
"Today, we're going to do an abstract painting, and it took me a long time to figure out what an abstract painting was, but I've kinda found through different experiments with paintings and so forth that it's really an expression that you can do pretty much, with any paint and color."
It's not so much about form; it's really about just expressing yourself with colors and shapes and things like that.
This is an example of one of my abstract paintings.
"I did this a few years ago when I first moved to North Carolina, and I guess the colors kinda represent the ocean because we're near the ocean here and you know."
"So basically, what I'm going to show you today is a couple of the different tools that you can use to make a beautiful abstract painting that would go nicely in your home."
The last thing that we're going to do to complete this look is we're going to use a little bit of gloss.
I'm going to use this shade right here.
It makes the lips look a little bit poutier.
It also balances the rest of the look really well.
By blending the nice dewy glow that we've given her skin with the lips.
So this is how you would want to complete this baby doll make up look.
"It has a little bit of shine to it, a little bit of sparkle."
That's going to go really well the nice glowing look that we've given her skin.
So we're going to take a little bit of this on our lip brush.
We're just going to do it right in the center of the lips.
Give the lips a poutier look and give the lips a little bit of sheen.
So by doing the lip gloss just right in the center of the lip it gives a nice brightness and a nice shine.
So it catches the light and it will make the lips look a lot fuller.
So you can see it gives her a nice little pop of shine right in the center of the lips.
How do you tell if your crab is dead?
"Well, crabs can often look dead, but not be dead."
He doesn't want to have anything to do with me.
"He's not limp, he's not falling easily out of his shell, his legs don't move around easily, if I push on them."
He's in control of his own body.
The other test is the sniff test.
Give him a sniff.
"Trust me, if he's dead, you'll smell it."
"There's nothing quite like the smell of a dead crab, and it's pretty pungent, and it's pretty obvious, so if he doesn't smell, and he's not limp, he's alive."
"He may be shy, he may be grumpy, but he's alive."
"For instance this guy, he's been sitting here, he's not moving."
"He doesn't seem to respond to anything, but I can assure you he's not dead, and I can tell you how I know why."
"There's two tests I like to do, to find out if the crab is dead."
"There's the limp test, which is, is the crab limp?"
Does he move around easily?
"No, he's in there hard."
He doesn't want to move.
He's just being kind of a stinker.
One way to get your poetry published is to write and send it in to magazines.
"Magazines sometimes will print poetry, and even sometimes will pay for poetry."
Another way is submit your pieces through anthology and collections.
"Even if they don't pay, you're getting your poetry published into a book format."
"And, usually, anthologies will give you at least one copy of the book, and then you buy extra copies for your friends and family."
"If you have an entire book of poetry that you want to publish, you can go to a self publishing or subsidy press."
"And for very little money, you can still have your poetry book, formatted in any way that you like, and with any kind of cover you want."
"OK, this is one that a poet, she wanted it hard cover."
"She was very specific on the colors that she wanted to use, as far as the interior purple."
"With subsidy press and self publishing printing, you can decide all those things for yourself and have the book that you've always wanted."
Hi guys!
You just want to basically lightly fill them up.
"As you can see, I got really nicely thin pieces here that are super thin; a lot thinner than your average fajita."
You just want to slice down at an angle basically.
Keep your tip down.
Make sure not to cut yourself.
"Since the chicken has been sitting in the foil, it has nicely cooled down."
You want to make sure to work with cool chicken.
That way you don't burn yourself.
"Sooner or later this chicken is going to get a lot hotter when it goes into the oven, so don't worry about it being cool."
You want to keep on slicing all the way through.
I'm going to show you how to slice your chicken for the chicken enchiladas.
"Like I said, at an angle until you get nice thin little pieces of chicken."
"Now that we have them sliced up into thin slices like I showed you earlier, what you want to do is you want to go and slice the opposite way."
That way we can make little pieces of chicken and it's kind of like shredded chicken.
"If you want to chop even more, you can."
You can just chop and chop that way it's kind of like shredded chicken and you'll have these big chunks of chicken inside your enchiladas.
"Like I said, it's not about the big thick piece of beef or chicken inside your enchilada."
Enchiladas are not meant to be filled to the max with big pieces of meat or pounds and pounds of cheese.
That is it on slicing and dicing your chicken.
You want to open them up out of their foil here.
"As far as the chicken goes, you want to use a nice sharp knife like this; it's a chef's knife."
You want to keep your tip down over here and you want to just slice across just like that.
You want to make thin slices as thin as possible.
The reason why you want them so thin is so that it's easier to eat and you'll have a lot more pieces to fill your enchiladas.
These chicken enchiladas are not about the chicken or it's not about the beef and it's not about over filling.
You don't want to over fill your enchiladas.
We're going to be talking about court position.
"In tennis the ball has to go first over the net, which is your first challenge and second the ball has to land in the court."
That is where Tracy is standing.
She is standing on the right side of the court.
The other side is going to be the left side of the court.
Then we have single lines.
"Single lines is when youre playing one person against another person, the ball has to go inside this area and then inside the base line all the way to the second single court, single line."
"Then we have double lines, which are the ones that Tracy is pointing on the right side of the area and then it's going to all the way up to the base line and then it's going to go until the end of the white line."
Double lines are used when four people are playing; two against two on each side.
This is basically what the court boundaries are about.
"Basically, in the court would be the dark area of the court, the dark green inside the white lines."
Outside would be everything else.
"Depending what we're doing, like if we're doing a serve, we're playing singles or doubles we're going to have different lines that we're going to be talking about."
The main line is the base line as the name says.
I'm standing on it right now.
You want to stay on the center of the court which is where the small T is.
You basically want to recover the center of the court after you hit every shot.
Then you have your service line.
Alright now we are going to show you how to read and write on some sheet music in the key of E flat.
So we will start with this nice piece of blank paper.
"So if you go back in the video and look in the pattern, you can see those 7 notes and now you can go see them on a piece of paper."
"First you have your two basic clefts; your treble cleft and your basic cleft, so we will start here."
There's our treble cleft and E flat is this very first line.
"Now each line and space is a note in the scale so the notes in between the scale, I notated was a flat or a sharp."
Here's your sharp symbol.
"Now to make it easier on you, what they do is they put the treble cleft there and they put the three flats already in."
"See that, E flat, E flat and A flat."
"So now when we go through and play your scale, you will know that when you get to an A flat, B flat or E flat, it is going to be flat."
"So there are your 7 notes; 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7."
"The term insomnia comes from the Greek, literally meaning lack of sleep or no sleep."
"When people think of a sleep disorder, I think insomnia commonly pops into the head."
It's not uncommon for a primary care physician to refer a patient on to a sleep disorders physician when a temporary prescription or something like that fails to aid the insomnia patient or if the insomnia continues beyond the span of 7 to 14 days.
"Most people at some point in their lives experience a mild case of insomnia, that comes and goes, sometimes in response to stress, grief or depression."
Insomnia has a number of different causes.
It has a number of different ways to be relieved.
"It all depends on, sort of, what's going on or the underlying cause of the insomnia."
It's not uncommon for children to have bouts of insomnia or for adults.
"Generally, insomnia resolves itself."
"When insomnia doesn't resolve, when people have chronic problems getting asleep or when that lack of sleep is causing irritability, fatigue or other issues during the day, that's when we see people in the Sleep Disorders Office for insomnia."
"Patients are often seen when a primary care physician issues a prescription for a sleep aid, such as, Ambien, Lunesta or something of the like, that you've seen on TV and for some of the other medications that we may have."
"Okay, the last stretch we just did was a stretch for your tricep, the next stretch we're going to do is one that really isolates the shoulder."
"So if I'm going to stretch my right shoulder, reaching across my right arm, I take my left hand, I place it on my right elbow and I really push and I reach, so I'm reaching with my right, I'm pushing with my left, across my body like this."
"So it's really going to get the stretch, right in the back of the shoulder area, as such."
Now you can pull back with the hand or you can put the inside of your left forearm and really just really get that pull to really get that stretch in the back of your shoulder.
"So from the starting position, here, bring the arm across, reach up, pull across, hold it for about 30 seconds."
And that's another good shoulder stretch.
Now we are going to talk about tires and tire wears.
So you definitely you want to keep a eye on the thread especially on the sides and the middle.
This here is a good tire it is a factor tire.
"It has plenty of thread in the middle, on the sides."
"This tire is off a bike that as you can see it is worn out, this here went way to far."
You should never ride your tires especially when you got strips in the middle where the threads are coming through.
The side walls on this tire are really thin which you don't want to let that happen.
If you don't have a lot of thread on the side you know you have the tendency to slide out in cornering.
Most of your tire would wear out in the middle first because most times you are riding straight.
Just keep your eye out on both the front and the rear tires and check on that cause this here is what keeps your bike from falling in the ground.
You just received a lawsuit in the mail and you want free legal advice.
"Hello, I'm Robert Todd and I'm here to answer the question, how to get free legal advice?"
"Well generally, in most states, there is a or an availability for free legal advice from legal aid societies and legal aid clinics if you qualify from an income standpoint."
You have to make less than a certain threshold.
You have to check with your individual state or county to determine what that threshold is.
"There's also numerous websites on the Internet that supposedly offer free legal advice and I would caution you that when you avail yourself of these services, you are getting exactly that, what you are paying for, free legal advice."
"If you need legal advice, you are probably better off to seek the services of an attorney or someone specialized in the area of the law that your problem is concern."
I'm Robert Todd and than you for watching.
"In the table leg extension, the table posture itself, is very good for strengthening back and shoulders and arms but the leg extension is going to bring it in for your lower back, connecting it all the way to the shoulders."
"You take the hands right down into the floor and when you do this, you take both feet in the floor, and you're going to lift yourself up."
"Inhale, exhale, inhale and exhale."
"One more time, right and left."
"Inhale and exhale and inhale and exhale, release."
Come right down.
"Many people can only take their hips off the floor, just a little bit, because they feel the pressure inside their shoulders and arms."
You can build that resistance by taking slow steps into this posture.
"If you can, lift your belly right up and rest your head right back."
Take a deep breath in and lift that right leg straight out and then exhale.
Bring it down and touch the floor.
"Inhale, left leg goes out and exhale, come down, keeping your belly up."
Inhale and exhale.
Inhale and exhale.
"All middleweight cycles are going to have a chain guard, they all came with chain guards."
"This is a nice looking chain guard, again it's got the space age style you'd find on a middleweight cycle."
"Again, the thing that really surprises me in looking at this particular middleweight is the gear ratios, it's geared very high."
"Another way to identify bicycles, sometimes you'll get a bicycle and there won't be any identifying marks on it, maybe somebody has spray painted it or whatever."
"You can look at this chain ring and there are data bases on the web that show different variations of chain rings, but you can determine the manufacturer of this bike, just based on this chain ring."
"It swoops back, up to a point, kind of reminiscent of the fins of the cars that were produced in the same era."
"Now, if you'll look at this chain ring, this is called the chain ring, it's huge, it's fifty two teeth."
This greatly effects the gearing of the bicycle.
"It's a single speed bicycle, but a chain ring like this, gives you a gear ratio that is like you're in a higher gear."
"So, a bike like this going up hill was probably kind of hard, but on a flat or going down hill, the kid on this bike was probably the fastest kid around."
The chain works just like a standard chain on todays cycles.
"It's a standard size, you can still buy this sized chain."
"You see it comes around to the back sprocket here, this is a twenty tooth sprocket."
"Hello, this is financial planner Patrick Munro, checking in with you today on reverse annuity mortgages, really known as reverse mortgages for short."
This creative financial planning tool is available to Americans that are 62 years of age or older.
"This is financial planner, Patrick Munro."
"Usually, there's several key banks that will participate in this program."
"What happens is many of the senior Americans that are out there have already paid off their house, but home equity has no rate of return, so make your house pay yourself back over time."
"Your income is usually compromised when you're retired, so the mortgage company takes a mortgage on your home, and provides you either a credit line or a monthly income that you don't have to make a mortgage payment on."
It's very unique.
"The interest bills on the back end of the mortgage, and what happens is you're allowed to age in place as a senior American."
"You can stay in the home for as long as you wish, receive those payments from your reverse annuity mortgage, and you can also live there until your spouse passes on as well."
"No worries for your family, because when they inherit the family home, they have up to a year to refinance and pay out the reverse mortgage."
"It's a very useful tool that helps your family members not have a burden for your care later in life, because you've turned your home into a financial planning tool using the reverse annuity mortgage."
"Now I'm going to talk to you about specific details about the collared shirt that goes underneath your tailored jacket, or your tailored vest, or your tailored coat, etcetera."
"You might run in to an issue where the tailor or the designer says, ""Would you like a spread collar, or would you like a tab collar?"
Very standard.
Regular.
"And then, the spread collar, it's going to be a shorter collar, and there's going to be more space in between here, more space, and it's a little bit shorter."
"And then, conversely, is the tab collar."
And the tab collar is going to have extra space up here.
"It's probably, I would say in my opinion, you're going to use it when you're more, getting more dressed up."
"It's definitely a little bit more formal and it has more of a, of a collar length."
It stands up higher.
"And then finally, this is more business attire."
"You're going to have button down on the sides, it's just going to have the buttons."
Would you like your collar to have buttons?
"You're going to button down so you can, it's not going to move when you put your tie underneath it, it's going to stay."
"So those are the four collars that are pretty standard, pretty typical."
And you can kind of stay within that guideline and make your choices.
"Would you like a regular collar?"""
"All these different types of collars that you can choose, having never seen them, you might think to yourself, I have no idea what this person is talking about."
"So I'm going to go over a couple of line drawings, of four basic collars: the regular normal collar, the spread collar, the button color, and then the tab collar."
So I'm going to take you to the drawings.
"Here we have the regular collar, it's very standard."
"It has the top button on the, on the, on the top piece and then starts down here."
It's just a regular collar.
"Let's talk about how to stick your opponent with taking the queen of spades, or risking taking the queen of spades."
"Let's look at this hand right here, with the knowledge, and this is important, with the knowledge that I passed my opponent the queen of spades."
"So there's only seven left, and one of them is that queen."
So there's only six left that aren't the queen of spade.
"So if I lead spades twice, statistically speaking, on the second time, if it didn't happen on the first time, on the second time the guy I passed the queen of spades to is going to be forced to play it."
"When we passed three, I passed my opponent the queen of spades."
Okay?
"That being said, what I want to do is I want to lead off, when clubs are led, when that deuce of clubs is going around, I want to lead off with this ace of clubs to guarantee that I take the trick."
And then I want to play my highest spade that does not outrank a queen.
"And then the next time, I want to play my highest spade that does not outrank the queen."
"And pretty soon, the guy that I passed the queen of spades to is going to be forced to play it."
"And the reason is, there is a finite number of spades in a deck of cards, right?"
"There are thirteen, and I hold six of them, six."
"Hi, I'm Jyler Noviello, and I'm going to teach you how to dribble a soccer ball."
"Dribbling a soccer ball is one of the most important things in play soccer, because if you can't control and dribble the ball, it'll make it very hard to play the game."
There's a couple different ways you can dribble a soccer ball.
Dribbling a ball for accuracy is keeping the ball close to you and not necessarily going for speed.
"In doing this, you want to use the insides of your feet, and dribble the ball one foot and then the other, like that."
"Now if you're dribbling the ball for speed, you're going to use a different technique."
"You're going to dribble the ball with the laces part of your shoes, and you're going to run fast using speed, keeping the ball in front of you at all times."
"At first it might be kind of difficult to dribble the ball with speed, but as you practice dribbling for accuracy, the speed will come with time."
And that is how you dribble a soccer ball.
Next thing we're going to talk about is the club face and specifically the grooves on the club face.
"You know you see a lot of those professional golfers out there on Sunday afternoon hitting these wedge shots, having them check up, having them spin, the reason why they're creating that spin on that golf ball I should say is because of the grooves in their wedges."
This is just really important when it comes to the control of your golf ball.
That can also go into the types of golf balls which we can go into later and what the right golf ball is for you and what you should look at when you go into your golf shop.
It's really important when your out on the golf course to keep these grooves clean and if you have a bunch of mud on that club face it's not going to spin.
A perfect example of this is with your driver.
If you take a look at the driver you'll notice there are no grooves on the club face of the driver.
This reason being is you want to minimize the spin on the golf ball.
Now take a look at your wedge these grooves are going to be deeper and they're going to be a little bit wider and this is really important when controlling the spin on the golf ball.
The closer you get to the green you want to be able to control the golf ball and stopping when you want it to stop.
Same thing applies with the irons.
"If you take a look at the face club of an iron same thing, you want to keep those clean."
"OK, as you can see we've down loaded the image we want to create for our transfer."
"If it's not, I'll close out of this and then I could use the image editor or the image editing box and just simply increase it to the size that I want, that I want the image to be."
"Once I got it to the size that I'm looking for, then I will just simply go to the to the print preview making sure that it's the size that I want."
And then just go up here and click my print button so that I can print it out.
"Making sure that I'm actually printing this out on a test piece of paper, which is just a regular blank piece of paper rather than wasting a transfer paper."
Now we've got our transfer on a on a blank piece of paper and I'm ready to print this out on my transfer paper because I like the way this is looking so far.
"So, I'll print this out on my transfer paper."
I'll look my transfer paper making sure that the green line is facing me.
"So, as this goes through the type of printer that I'm using it will actually print on the blank side of the transfer paper."
My transfer paper is loaded up and I'll just hit print again.
And now we have the transfer that we want on our transfer paper.
I got this in a Microsoft Office picture manager.
And notice the green line is on the back.
I can see the transfer through the transfer paper.
"So, this allows me a good idea of what this transfer will look like on the t-shirt itself."
But all of the ink is on this side.
We want to make sure that we don't touch the ink on the transfer just yet as soon as it's printed out because the ink will tend to smudge a little bit and we don't want to create that on our t-shirt.
So now we're ready to put this on our t-shirt.
We'll just to do a few little things like trimming the excess out and we'll be ready to apply this.
"And I've scaled it to the sized that I believe that I want, so I get the best resolution as far as the pixels are concern."
"Once I have in the Microsoft Office picture manager, I'll come over here to the flip horizontal because I want this picture to be mirrored so it turns out backwards as I print it out."
Once it's backwards when it's printed out that makes me know that it will actually look like this on t-shirt.
"So, hit the hit the flip horizontal button."
As you can see it's now in a mirror type of form.
"I'll simply click on the image, copy the image, and then I'll go into my Microsoft Word and just simply paste the image into the document itself."
Now I could do a print preview to make sure that the image is the size that I want.
Let's do an unweighted accent with the hip.
Let's put our feet slightly apart.
So you're going to really have to bend your standing leg.
So we're going to go drop it and then drop it a little further with also bending your leg at the same time.
So we're going to drop and drop.
Come up.
Drop and drop.
Very good.
Drop and then drop dipping down.
Drop.
Drip down.
Let's try it on the other side.
Bend your standing leg.
Just make your feet's in the right position first and everything is pulled up.
And your weight stays centered over your feet.
So we're going to drop and dip and drop and dip and drop and dip.
Good.
Make sure that everything stays nice and lined.
Don't lean forward on this and don't get too far back.
Make sure to practice this in the mirror.
Hand on both sides.
Lift the heel of your unweighted leg and press the toe into the floor.
Make sure the ankle's in in our showgirl foot position.
The knee is coming off the hip and pointing forward slightly.
Pull that belly button in.
Lift your chest and relax your shoulders.
We're going to start by lifting the hip up and we're going to do a little step down in two parts.
So it's going to kind of catch your audience off by surprise cause you're going to go down and then down.
Hi my name is Dr. Art Bowler and I am a psychologist in Manhattan New York City where I have my own private practice.
In this clip we are going to talk about how to recognize senile dementia.
Senile dementia is a dementia that could be an Alzheimer's type and is related to changes in cognition or thinking but it also involves changes in perception as well and behavior.
"Some of the changes in cognition involve memory changes, not remember what to do, how to do something or necessary things that people do every day like shower or bath."
"Difficulty memorizing and memory, procedural issues, motor problems, a person not being able to move around as they used to and not because of a motor impairment."
"Also people with senile dementia tend to show behavioral changes like marked agitation, changes in mood that are uncharacteristic of the person, delusions, delusions of paranoia, different ideas such as those that are different than the person that you know."
Those may be some signs of senile dementia you may notice.
This is Dr. Art Bowler and this has been how to recognize senile dementia.
My name is Anthony Maddaloni and I'm going to talk about how to use a camera flash.
"Now flash photography whether it's built into your camera or external such as this flash, is a very important part of photography."
In my hand right here is a sync cord.
This cord is plugged into part of my camera and actually lets me be able to hold this flash or put it onto a light stand to incorporate this in my photography.
I really do love flash photography almost as much as I like natural light photography.
So this is a really important tool to have in doing your photography.
And that is how I would use flash photography.
"And at first I've noticed that I had a certain, I don't know, a fear of flash, I just didn't like it."
"I thought it made people look unnatural, it made them look kind of pasty."
"But the more I experimented with my flash and the more I learned about photography, I found that flash photography was really, really awesome."
"One way I started figuring it out was that I would just take an image naturally with natural light and then I'd either put the pop up flash on my camera on, or I would experiment with my external flash and I would take the same image using the flash."
Now I would look at my flash and what type of settings are on it.
This particular flash is a 285 HV Vivitar flash.
It's color coded on the side and that let's me control how powerful this flash can be put out.
Now sometimes I can make it very weak or I can make it very strong depending upon the situation that I'm photographing in.
"The next silhouette is a mermaid, or a fish tailed silhouette."
"This is probably going to be one of the exceptions to your design rules, because, or to my design rules, saying go for it, make your own shape out of this, make your own design, out of my shapes and silhouettes."
"This one pretty much, a mermaid dress, is a mermaid dress, is a mermaid dress."
"If it's a mermaid wearing it, or it's a pageant queen wearing it, or if it's a girl wearing a prom wearing it, this one is, your variations on it, and your own input on it, or into it, are going to be in the characteristics of it."
"In order to retain its title of a mermaid dress, it has to be hugged to the body, and then flared out."
It's got to look like Ariel did your shopping.
"Ariel's Little Mermaid is your stylist basically, but what makes it different, everyone that you see and by every different designer, is what they do beyond that, how they take the silhouette and build it."
"Whether it's having a symmetrical, asymmetric, as far as one shouldered, or belted."
"You can do anything, but this is the jump off point."
Gina and I are going to demonstrate another really great way to stretch your shoulders back and your chest.
Gina is going to come on up to her knees and take a seat on her heels and she is going to bring her hands behind her head and open up through her shoulders.
"I'm going to come and I'm going to place my knees on either side of her spine and then I'm very gently going to ask Gina to tell me when to stop stretching her arms back, right there."
"Then we're just going to pause right here and then give a little more pressure to her back, how's that Gina?"
"Notice how that is opening up her chest, opening up her shoulders, good."
Now breathe and as she breaths she might find that she can come into it just a little bit deeper and then gently releasing and then that should feel really great on Gina's shoulders.
"Hi, my name is Cindy Mastry with Yoga Etc."
In this clip we're going to demonstrate the tree and half lotus with a forward fold.
This is April and she's going to help me demonstrate the pose.
So she's going to ground to her feet and come into a half lotus position.
So she's going to take her right heel to her left hip and allow her knee to open out to the side keeping her hips nice and square and level.
"She's going to inhale in engage her core, reach her arms up and as she exhales she's going to lengthen out of her waist and fold forward."
If she can bringing her nose to her knee.
Then reversing all the way back up reaching her arms up to the sky using her core strength and then releasing the pose.
That's the tree and half lotus with a forward fold.
"When choosing a hat choose the hat personally, choose it live."
"If you look through the collection of hats and this is a very small percentage of my hat collection over the years but you'll see hats that read 7 and 5/8, hats that read large, hats that read extra large, hats that read 7 and 1/4."
All of these hats fit me and all of them pretty much show different sizes so finding the hat that actually fits you is a matter of trying on the hat.
"I strongly discourage you from believing that a certain number or a certain size is your hat size and buying a hat based on that number, through the mail, over the internet, things like that."
The chances that it will fit are not that good.
There are a couple of things that you want to look out for.
"The first of these is when you put the hat on does it sit comfortably on your head, does it fit well and is there enough room that with just gentle pressure you can put a finger in between your hat and the inner band of your hat but still have the hat snug and secure on your head."
That is the way to tell if the hat really fits.
"Hi, I'm Gretchen Rivas with Relax To The Max Massage Therapy, and today we're going to talk about, how to get a massage."
"Once you've find the massage therapist that you've decided to get a massage from, and you can do that through your friends and family, referrals, the yellow pages, or Google-ing somebody on the web and checking out their website, and talking to them on the phone."
"And once you've booked your massage, and the day of it, what you want to do is make sure you drink plenty of water before you go, and also you might want to rinse off if you've been out running around a lot, or you're really dirty, please don't go get your massage when you're dirty, because that's kind of gross, so make sure your feet are clean, so they can rub them like you want them rubbed."
"And once you get there, you'll fill out some paperwork, talk to the therapist, they should leave the room while you get undressed, and once you do, you'll get undressed, and you'll get on the table, and you'll get underneath the top sheet that they have there."
"Most states, not all of them, but most states do require draping, and so you will be draped and covered the entire time during your massage, and so you don't have to worry so much about your modesty, everything is always covered and protected, and they'll just work one body part at a time for you."
"And once you get on the table, the best thing you want to do is just relax, take a lot of deep breaths and just breathe into it, and know that if your therapist is doing too much, and it's hurting you, it is your massage, and you do have the right to speak up, and say that's too much, please lighten up your pressure."
"Or if it's not enough, you can ask them to give you some more."
"So remember, it's your massage, and that's how you want to get a massage."
"Hi, this is John Stewart, and this is how to select an area for building a fire."
"When you build a fire, you want to build it on flat ground."
"This is key, so that when the smoke from the fire rises, it has a place to escape."
"If you have an real high vegetation area in the trees, to where the smoke can't build escape, the smoke will build up all on your campsite, and it will just be miserable for you and your other campers; having to breathe smoke and all that."
So make sure you have an open area in the trees so that the smoke can escape.
"Lastly, try and build your fire off the beaten path."
"This is so that you don't have it near paths of animals, other campers, because animals and stuff like that will be naturally drawn to your fire, and so you want to be off the beaten path from them."
"So look for animal tracks, and make sure you put it away from them."
And this is how you select an area for building a fire.
"This is so you have the nice stable area to set your fire up, and build the fire ring around it."
You don't want to put it on a hill.
"In that case, you might have logs that are burning; they might take off down the hill, and escape, so you want to make sure you have a flat, stable surface to build your fire around."
You want to make sure that you build your fire near a water source.
This is key in case you have a accident where the fire gets out.
"But most importantly, so that you have water to actually put the fire out once you're done using it."
"So make sure you're near water, to where you can transport the water to the fire."
"Thirdly, you want to look for a open area in the trees."
Okay so one more kick from the Muay Thai in the beginners series is what we call the switch kick.
So now in slow motion she does the switch and then extend and still using the shin just like the regular kick.
"So one more time switch, the legs change and then pivot and hit okay and then we go switch kick 1, switch kick 2, switch kick 3, switch kick 4."
Okay now just for a little bit of conditioning we would go switch kick to regular kick.
"Go 1, and one more time 1 and one more time and one last time."
"Hey, welcome back!"
My name is Sylvia Russell and today we're going to show you how to pick a hair color.
So make sure that you pick the right color for you.
"The next thing is once we pick a color, we make sure that we agree on it."
So make sure it's something that you really want.
"Remember, read the directions, if not, you can't do it yourself at home, consult a professional."
I'm sure she'll give you the color that you love.
Make sure to take a few pictures to give her an idea of what you want.
My name is Sylvia Russell and this is how you can pick a hair color.
"First things first, always consult a professional."
Now I know some of you at home don't trust professionals with your hair.
So make sure to read directions on any box that you picked up from the grocery store.
Make sure to compare your hair color with the color on the box.
"This is very important, okay."
So here we have a color ring and this is what I use when I'm deciding on a color for my client.
"I give them the option to pick a color, and then, we can also place it against her to make sure that the color we choose will complement her skin tone."
"Now, this is something that you may not be able to do with a box of color from the grocery store, but, in your local beauty supply store, you maybe able to pick up a color ring yourself."
REBECCA SATO: Hi.
"And right now, I think this does apply to experienced writers as well but I'm primarily speaking to writers who are just starting out."
Okay.
"Here's the ""you"" that others see."
Okay?
"And the others, they might see you as a plumber, so let's just say that."
You're a plumber.
That's what you are to them.
Okay?
"And here's the ""you"" that you see."
So this is you.
And we're going to talk about self-image and writing.
"And you might see yourself as confused or--you know, you don't see yourself as a plumber."
Very few people see themselves as their job because you're not your job.
"That's what you're doing right now but that doesn't capsulate your mind, heart, body and soul."
Maybe you feel like confused.
"You're like, ""I don't feel like I'm a plumber."""
"Not there's any wrong about being a plumber and if you're in love in being a plumber, that's awesome."
"But let's say this is ""you,"" okay?"
"And this right here is actually the real ""you,"" and I realized that the word ""real"" is subjective."
"But let's talk about this person, how to go from this to this and how to find this, and we're going to talk about that next."
And the reason this is worth talking about is because a writer and his or her self-image is very interrelated.
"I know not everyone is going to agree with me and there have been very disturbed people, individuals who were excellent writers."
So I'm not saying that you can't be--there's a wide range of people in different mindsets that can write interesting things that are good and people want to read.
So that's not what I'm trying to say.
"But if you want to be a happy writer, here's how to do it."
Okay.
So this is going to be about self-image.
"To slice the kohlrabi, first we are going to cut off these extra bits here and make it as smooth as possible."
And the you will want to cut a flat side so you won't have it rolling around when you are slicing.
So you have a petal that is flexible.
You don't want it to be stiff like this is the end but that is much too stiff.
You want it to be flexible like that.
And you slice the whole vegetable all the way down.
"If you get, if you make some mistakes, like you cut a piece off and you get a lump there, you can cut a thicker piece to get flat again and then continue on."
You want to cut down a nice flat side like that.
"And then with a large sharp French knife, French chef knife, you are going to slice off a bit there."
"Then go about a millimeter, two millimeters and slice really thin slices."
You want to keep you knife moving in a nice downward motion.
Kind of moving the knife like this at the same time.
"If you slice one in half like that, don't worry."
Maybe you could use it still.
And you want to slice it as thinly as possible.
The path to becoming a pediatrician begins much as it does for any other medical specialty.
You start with a four year course of study at a college or university.
"The first two years of medical school focus primarily on didactic instruction in health sciences, and the second two years focus primarily on clinical knowledge and skills."
"Along the way, you'll need to pass both parts of the United States Medical License Exam, Step 1, covering your basic knowledge of health sciences, and part 2, covering your basic knowledge of clinical skills."
"Upon completion of medical school you will become an MD; however, you're not ready to practice yet as a pediatrician."
"To practice as a pediatrician, you need to apply to a residency program in pediatrics."
"This is a period of graduate medical education, during which you learn your specialty."
"In pediatrics, it's a three year residency requirement, and some may, particularly if in interested in a sub-specialty in pediatrics or in an academic career may choose to complete a fellowship beyond that."
"Once you've completed a residency, and or fellowship, your graduate medical education is complete, and you can take the state board exam in the state in which you want to practice, and you will be able to to practice independently as a pediatrician."
"During your bachelor's or undergraduate course of study you'll really want to focus on keeping your GPA at 3.75 or above, as medical school is highly competitive."
"As you, when you're in completion of your undergraduate experience you'll need to take what is called the Medical College Admissions Test."
This is a standardized test that all applicants to medical school must take.
"It covers the physical sciences, biological sciences, verbal reasoning, and written communication."
"If you did not major in a science discipline, then you'll need to make sure that you've completed all of the science prerequisites to prepare you for the MCAT."
"Once you have taken the MCAT, you need to actually apply to medical school, and this; again, is a standard process."
"Most of the medical schools in the United States par participate in what's called AMCAS, and you can apply to one or all of those schools through the application service."
"Once you have applied to medical school and are accepted, you'll begin your formal medical training, which is an additional four year course of study beyond your undergraduate education."
My name is Mike Lewis with Christian Martial Arts.
We are talking about how to throw Ninja Stars.
Pretty much the mindset is like you are trying to crack a whip or a towel and you take and get it there and you have got to first snap it back just a tad bit to get it to pop.
"So that is what you are doing, you are taking your Ninja Star and when you try to actually crack the whip per say you are actually spinning your Ninja Star through so that will actually have enough torque and enough force to stick them to your target."
The same thing with this one.
You pretty much just tilt it back.
A lot of people have great aim going around this way but they are able to get a better spin tossing it just like a frisbee.
So you have to find what is best for you.
"Same thing, you grab it by the tip, you hold it to your side, you just let it out just like you would a frisbee and when you get your arm executed fully out you just want to sort of snap it out."
You don't want to let your arm pass too far because then your release will be off and you will throw the Ninja Star off so you want to make sure that your arm is locked out to wherever you are throwing your Ninja Star at.
That is just a little bit more information about Ninja Stars and how to get started in throwing.
There are several different styles and different ways to throw Ninja Stars.
There is also many different styles of Ninja Stars themselves.
As you can see here I have one that has four points on it and one here that actually has five points on it.
This one is shaped more like a star.
"But you will find some that have three, four, points."
"They have different weights, different thicknesses, all that kind of stuff so when you buy Ninja Stars, take a look at them and make sure you are not getting ripped off by buying some really cheap ones and metal ones that will bend after a few throws, get some kinds that are going to be very sturdy when you throw them because they will bend depending on how hard you throw."
"Also the style of the Ninja Star sort of depends on how much spin you put on it to make it stick so that is something that when you buy a Ninja Star go out and sort of experiment with it and get a good feel of it and you may have to put more force behind your spin or vice versa, more spin than force."
"The first way to start out throwing a Ninja Star, one of the basic ways is to just grab near the tip and I like to turn mine slightly back to help get some spin on to it and so when I throw it I sort of side arm it, throw it, release, and try to put as much spin on the star as I execute."
Part of the fun of Pokemon is that it is a collectible card game.
A lot of you might look at the amount of cards that you could amass over quite a bit of time and you think what the heck am I going to do with all these cards?
"I have a fighting deck, an electric deck, my mummy's deck which is full of Cue Pokemon, my fire deck, my Earth deck and finally my water deck."
Now do you play with all these decks at different times?
"Oh yea, I play with all of them."
Which one is your favorite?
I kind of like my killer deck.
Your killer deck.
What's in your killer deck?
A bunch of ex's.
Oh.
Well the fun part is building different kinds of decks.
You don't have to play with the same deck.
"You can always build yourself different decks, keep one build another one, build another one."
That's why I've got all these cards.
"Sometimes I feel like playing fire, sometimes I feel like playing water."
A lot of people are used to when you are playing card games and you have got the one deck of cards and you just play with that deck over and over again it never changes.
"With Pokemon you build your own deck, use different creatures, different energies and you play with that deck or a different deck you build and that is sort of the difference is that you don't use the same deck of cards and that is one of the reasons it makes it a collectible card game because you collect all these cards to make all these different decks."
I would love for my assistant here to show you many of his different decks that he has built over time.
I'm Travis Connelly and I am a state certified fire-fighter.
You should stop obviously.
"When you drop, don't just throw yourself to the ground."
Ease yourself down; you don't want to cause any more injury.
Lay down as far as you can so that you can roll and cover all parts of your body.
Make sure that you roll completely over several times to make sure that everything gets smothered out.
We've reviewed several safety measures in case of a fire what you should do.
What happens if your clothes catch on fire?
"Everyone has heard the old safety rule, stop, drop and roll."
Do you always practice this?
Maybe you should practice this during your fire drill.
It is pretty simple in explanation but you should keep in mind some key factors.
"If your clothes catch fire, running around won't help."
"Today, we're making a drawer handle out of bone."
I don't think we're going to need to use this.
"We can use--we can make a clasp just like this that doesn't--that even though this one won't go in, I'm going to make one like this that will fit in this hole and work just fine."
"So, now, we're going to do the back just like we did the front with the exception of this hole."
We're just going to drill the hole and then--excuse me.
Hollow it out with the polish.
We just put the drill bit in and drill the hole in the center of the first hole that we were attempting to make.
I'm going to take the polishing bit.
And I'm going to actually make the hole big enough that I can cut down farther in with my grinding bit.
We're not gonna--we don't need to go all the way through with either one.
"So, I'm just going to go in until the hole appears to be wide enough that I can cut down a little further with this one."
"So, with the Dremel on low speed--okay."
We made the hole a little bit rounder and wider.
"Originally, I was going to use this bit to go all the way through but that hole is looking really, really good."
In this clip we are going to discuss the use of black and white and color elements in our company logo.
For this task we will be using Adobe Illustrator for its useful layout capabilities.
In this case you probably would not want to use a dark spot color like a blue or brown for instance since much of the logo's detail will blend into the background rendering the design ineffective.
Try different combinations of spot colors that will work no matter what the background.
There are some instances when the designer will be forced to use a black and white logo due to budget constraints.
"Often times fliers, business cards, vehicle graphics, and broadcast graphics can present other challenges to the designer."
Once such challenge is to take their multi-colored logo design and reduce it to a single color that still retains its effectiveness.
This is where a strong logo icon and bold logo type will really stand out.
The smart designer will always consider the colors and the final use when beginning the design process.
This concludes are look at incorporating black and white and color in our logo design.
Now Illustrator is a registered trademark of Adobe and I am in no way affiliated with Adobe.
A logo presented in vivid color will grab people's attention.
"However, there are many occasions when the use of a multi-colored logo just will not be practical."
"When the budget allows a full color logo will always be the most affective, but the smart use of a spot color can be just as eye catching."
A spot color is a secondary color that compliments the primary color on your logo.
One of the most important things you should consider is how you will use your finished logo.
A design that will most often be printed on a white background for instance will open up endless spot color options.
Conversely a logo that is destined to be displayed on a solid black background primarily will limit the spot color choices.
"Hi this is Zephyr Clarke-Dolberg with Miami Dog Training in Miami, Florida."
In this clip we're going to talk about how to teach your dog not to run away.
We tell him to stay.
Once the dog is taught to stay you don't have to worry about him running away.
You can drop the leash as long as the dog is obedience trained that's a big major part.
My name is Zephyr Clarke-Dolberg and this is Miami Dog Training.
First thing you really want to pay attention to is the leash.
This is your number one tool for being in control so the first rule about letting your dog not letting your dog run away is control and opportunity.
If they don't have the opportunity to run away they're not going to do it.
You know as far as training goes in the beginning we start with a five to six foot leash.
I prefer a five cause it's less material to have to work with.
But just the same all the training first starts with the leash.
If you can't get the dog to do something on the leash how are you going to get him to do something off the leash or for that matter if you drop the leash?
So one of the biggest things is teaching the dog to stay.
Today we're going to be talking about buying a new car.
What they are giving you is what is referred to as a trade allowance.
"Which means the new car that you're purchasing, they're adding the discount that they're taking from that car to the value of the trade that you have to tell you a number that's called a trade allowance."
Which is a combination of both a discount on your new car and the actual cash value for the amount of money they're giving you on your trade-in.
"So remember, do your homework."
Find out what your trade-in is worth.
In this segment we're going to talk about trade-ins.
"If you have an old car that you're trading in, whether or not there is an existing loan, most dealerships will tell you we'll pay off any trade, which is very true, because in order for you to get a loan on your new car, they have to pay off the old loan on your old car."
"So, if you're buried or upside down, which is the terminology for having negative equity, which means you owe more on your car then it's currently worth."
"Regardless of whether they tell you, meaning the dealership, that we'll pay off any trade at any time, if you're trading in that car, it will be shown as a paid off trade-in."
"Remember, there are lots of tricks that dealerships use and word they use in order to make you feel a little more comfortable in what's happening."
Terminology for trade-ins will vary.
"Based on what you know your knowledge to be, your car is worth, get out there and find out before you trade-in your car, how much its worth."
"Just because the dealerships say they're giving you x amount of dollars for your trade-in, doesn't necessarily mean that they are."
How do you use a telephone is something I get asked everyday.
"My name is Kathy Pabst Robshaw, Telephone Effectiveness and I teach people how to use a telephone."
"Simply put that call on hold, tell the person first I have to put you on hold for a second, take the call that comes in, then put that call on hold go back to your original phone call."
"The call waiting is another good way to take advantage of the telephone, to do two calls at the same time."
"So don't yell, know the number that you're going to call. Know if it's national that you have to dial 1 before the telephone number and speaks softly, speaks clearly; Kathy Pabst Robshaw, Telephone Effectiveness."
"The first thing you need to be aware of is that telephone has got numbers on it, from 1- 0 on the, on the telephone pad."
"If it's a local number, you just need to dial the seven digits, without the area code."
"If it's a long distance number, you have to put 1 in front of the number to reach a long distance number and the call goes to without even thinking about it."
So keep track of the phone number that you have to call regularly and as long as your phone actually has a memory you can actually save those telephone numbers.
"When you're dialing, when you're talking on the phone, don't shout, speak in a normal voice."
"If someone can't hear you, it might be better to suggest that you call them back instead of, if they can't hear what you're saying instead of shouting 'cause it disturbs other people around you as well."
The other feature that we have with the telephone nowadays is call waiting.
"Calls can come into you while you're on one phone, another call comes in."
"Hey, I'm Ann Myrick, and I'm going to talk to you about how to jazz up your laundry room."
"Laundry rooms are small...usually small, and, of course, it's more of a little working room, but it's fun to make it your own."
"Go on and decorate it like you would even a powder room or a small room, but have fun with it."
"You also want to deck it out where it has the things you need -- cute baskets, maybe a bar going across that has...that you can hang clothes and hang towels on."
"Really organize it, make it very clean because you have your clean clothes in there."
But really make it fun.
"I've taken laundry rooms and put a real bright, fun coat of orange in a room, and it just gives you energy and it's really zippy."
"So this is Ann Myrick, and have fun with your laundry room."
It's fun to make it fun.
So you can bring in fun wallpaper.
"I'm a decorator, and I work with what people have, but a lot of times, the laundry room is a place that we'll do something really fun."
"Since it's little, you can do a fun technique or a fun paper because you're not going to need very much."
"I'm not a big paper person, but I do think it's fun to put a wild, fun paper in a laundry room or a fun color."
"This laundry room has a great color in it, but it's not really a fun color."
"It's the color that goes with the rest of the house, and you can just break the mold and do whatever makes you kind of energetic -- a bright apple green, an orange."
"You could put stripes in it, you could put fun pictures."
"O.k., so now that we know the footwork, we're going to show you how to do the in and out together."
"The first version of the in and out, is a one handed in and out."
"Here, we are going to do an open break, so we'll push on one, pull on two, now here's what we want to do we want to pull the girl forward and make her turn at the same time."
So you want to pull her this way and let go.
"So this is push, pull let go, and then you're going to stop her on the hip."
So basically you want to get her started turning but then you want to stop her before she turns too far.
So you want to end up right behind her.
"This is push, pull, stop her, o.k.?"
"Your fingers are wrapped around in front of her hip bone, not here where you're going to tickle her but down here on her hip bone."
That way if she tries to turn too much you're holding her back.
"So this is three, ladies, we want to keep our arms at home base so that we're not getting in his way blocking the hip."
"So this is three, now again this is an inside turn so it follows the same patterns as the other inside turns."
"O.k., so in order to get into the proper position we're going to do a transition with a cross body lead."
"We're going to push her forward on five, turn her on six, catch her on seven."
"So the right hand pushes her that way on five, the left hand catches her and gives her a turn on six and then we use the right hand to catch her on seven just like before behind the back, ladies that's your cue to get your arm up and over."
So all together it looks like this.
"We give a cross body lead, switch the hand on seven, push, pull and stop her, now, push, turn, and catch and basic, two three, five, six, seven."
Ladies you also have a couple of options with your arm styling.
"On three, you can take the arms out if you want to."
"You can also take them up, and guys if she does that, instead of using the shoulder, you just use the hip."
"So it would look like this, five, six, seven, one, two, three, five, six, seven."
"So after we do our basic we're going to do a cross body lead, one, two, three, we're going to cross, five, six, on seven we're going to switch hands."
"So basically you have her hand in your left hand, you're going to hand it over to your right hand."
What you want to avoid doing is bringing the left hand over here to the right hand because that makes the girl feel like she's supposed to turn.
So instead you want to just meet the hands in the middle just like you were shaking hands.
O.k.?
"So we have cross body lead, one, two, three, five, six, switch."
So now you're right to right.
This is John and in this clip we will be identifying our problems.
Now there's a couple problems with our storm door.
"So by installing a new door, we're hoping to fix our air leak."
"Now lastly, with a storm door, our storm door that we're going to be purchasing will have a screen in it where as this one does not."
That's going to really help the air circulation inside the house.
"Fist off, it is not a very high quality storm door."
It's made of weak materials and it's not very insulated.
"Additionally, the home owner wants a white storm door with the nickel colored hardware."
Now our main entry door also does not have an insulation value that we would like.
So we're going to be replacing that with a better insulated door.
"Now on the inside of our door, when the door is shut we can see light through it and that is not a good sign."
"Additionally, the trim was damaged at some point, so we're going to be replacing that also."
"Now additionally, there is a significant amount of air that leaks through the door on the bottoms, on the sides and on the top."
We're going to doing the jump.
"What you need to do with the jump is to teach them to go over them on their own, slowly at first."
We're just going to do right over 20 inch.
And Misha jump!
Good girl!
Always treat.
"Once they get that down, what you need to do is start adding jumps."
And how you would do that is get them going and do one at a time.
"And do, jump!"
Good dog!
And jump!
Good dog!
"And by doing that, you just take a treat and tell them, jump."
And treat at the end of it.
Always use a lot of praise.
"Another thing you can do with the jump is get a stay, sit, sit, good girl!"
And you need to start coming over the jumps.
Good girl!
So that they are coming to you and they're not relying you being with them all the time.
Good dog!
"As they get better and better, you can start raising the jump."
Jump!
Good dog!
A jump can go up to their full height.
"With a dog like this, would be up to 24 inches."
We're not going to take her that high.
"A great way to choose a dog trainer is through APDT, Association of Pet Dog Trainers and they are a world wide association dedicated to make them better trainers through education and seminars and through professionals like your veterinarian, groomer."
They can speed up the process and help you find a certified dog trainer.
"Anybody can put up a sign and say okay, I'm a dog trainer and start training people's dogs."
You want to make sure he is certified and reputable.
You want to make sure that he is able to determine your dog's personality and ask questions.
"The more questions he asks, the better he is."
"You don't want somebody to just say okay, let's start training your dog without really knowing much about the dog."
"But one size fits all method, it's kind of old fashioned."
So ya'll can learn as long as establish a program that will go along with their personality and then they get better instead of worse with the right dog trainer.
In this clip we are going to discuss how to travel with your fish for a short distance and time.
I recommend this being an hour or less.
I recommend not feeding your fish 24 hours prior to transport him for traveling.
Then you just dump your fish in there.
"What you do is make sure you have air for your fish, get a rubber band and you just want to put your rubber band on the top so the water stays in."
This is also a similar way that you will be buying a fish from a pet store how they travel.
I recommend you taking your fish out of the tank prior to bagging him up so that he doesn't get all stressed out whenever you take him and put him in the bag.
You can buy these bags at convenient stores.
You are going to open up your plastic bag.
"If you buy it yourself, I recommend you take or have a bucket or bowl, put your bag inside once you get it filled up and get your fish in."
"You open up your bag, fill it up with the water, make sure you have enough room for air."
"As you can see, I did."
Make sure there are no holes in the bag.
Hi!
You don't have to call it a high punch.
"If you say punch, you're going to know that your arm is extended above your head."
Low punch is down.
Punch is up.
"If I've got both of them up, that's a touchdown or a punch."
I've got a right punch and a left punch.
Now I'm going to take you through the punch.
"As I said before, when you do a touchdown, you might often hear that called a punch."
"You're almost always going to hear this called a right punch, rather than a right touchdown."
"If I've got my arm up in a touchdown position and my left arm is on my hip, this is a right punch."
"If I switch it and I have my left arm up with my right arm bent and on my hip, that's a left punch."
I can take that down making it a left low punch.
I can also do a right low punch.
"If I've got my arm up like this, it's just a punch."
The letter t is constructed in a completely different way than the usual t's that we've been making since we were in first grade or in kindergarten.
"So again, be patient with yourself as you learn this letter because it's going to go against some of the things that we think comprise a t. For example, it has no straight stroke."
"So the first stroke of the t is a curve. And if you've been practicing, you know that that first curve is very much like the first curve of the o or the a or the c. But, join to that stroke, we make another stroke and this is a little bit different than any strokes that we've made so far, and that is to take and pull a stroke across resting on the guideline."
So I'm going to set the pen down and draw stroke to the right and then I'm going to pull this stroke into the bowl.
"So we have a t that has a cross bar, but instead of a straight spine, it has a curve spine."
"And again, as we make that mark, we're going to pull it and twist the pen just slightly."
"With a simple wound, we can go from this step, on to the vet wrap, with a similar idea."
"I like to start somewhat in the middle, to secure that gauze in place, putting a little bit of pressure over the wound."
"Then, I'll go up, making sure I go high enough to hopefully secure it, without it being able to slip down."
"That wrap of course, is a handy item, something that we ought to have, real close by."
"We don't want to pull it so tight, that we create any circulatory compromise, but we definitely want to wrap and wrap, and use as much of it, as we think necessary, to keep this wrap from slipping down."
"This is the kind of a wrap that we could use on just about any extremity, so long as we recognize, that if we put this wrap in place, we've got to be able to get our fingers underneath, at the top and the bottom, but keeping it secure enough, so that it's not going to slip."
"And as I continue this around, you can also, if for any reason you thought you can apply a little tape to the end, duct tape or something, that will help keep this."
"But this usually sticks very well to itself, and there's never much trouble in keeping that together."
I'd say that wrap should stay pretty well in place.
"I can still tell if that should soak through, and if it were saturated, I'd know I would need to replace that."
How's it going?
We just talked about riding the board.
Here's what you can do to practice riding the board.
I'm going to face out to the pool.
"All you're going to do is bounce up and down, up and down."
Try to do it 3 times in a row.
"What you're concentrating on is pushing the board all the way down, and coming up and rising up with the board, OK."
"The second time you land, you should feel a nice smooth transition, OK."
"If you've fallen in to the water, you're doing a bad job at riding the board, OK."
Here's what it looks like.
"OK, if you can do that 3 times in a row, you're on your way to riding the board."
Remember I told you it's one of the funniest that I see people do?
"It's because they really don't know how to bounce up and down, up and down with the diving board."
"So, what I've got right now for you is a drill that you can practice over and over and over again so you get comfortable bouncing on the board, OK."
"I would suggest, before you do anything, even trying a dive, you really get comfortable and really get used to just bouncing on the end of the board, OK."
"So, I'm going to go out to the end of the board, and I'll explain to you what we're going to do."
"OK, right now I'm standing on the end of the board."
You notice that it's bouncing up and down.
"What I'm actually doing, very poorly, because I'm facing backwards, is riding the board right now, OK."
"On a shortboard, my feet are going to go around here, front feet around here, the middle of the board."
"If I was riding a longboard and I was trying to nose ride, I would get up to the tip, I would wax up there as well."
"Once we have the base coat applied, which is a harder wax, we could put on the top coat, which is a softer wax and a grippier wax."
"Now that I have got the wax applied and if I want even more texture and more grip, I'll use the teeth of the wax comb in a crossing pattern to give me a nice grid."
"If you don't have fresh wax, I recommend a fresh coat before you start to go surfing."
"It that's not handy and all you have is wax comb, this will get your through it."
"And if you don't have a wax comb, a little beach sand will add texture and get you through."
In this clip we are cleaning the dirty wax off of the surfboard so that we can start with a clean surface.
We are going to use a base coat of wax and then a top coat of wax in order to create grip so we don't slip: that would be a rookie mistake.
We will even add texture using the teeth side of the wax comb.
I'm fortunate to have a hot sunny afternoon.
I am taking the old dirty wax off with the straight edge of the wax comb.
Remember to dispose of properly.
"Now that I've got my board nice and clean, I am going to start applying a base coat of wax so the top coat takes."
Where you wax the board is going to be influenced by where your feet are going to go.
Pimples are caused by the overproduction of sebum oil which lubricates the skin and hair.
I'm Jackie with how to cure pimples with herbs.
You can find these at your local health food store.
Apply this paste on the affected area and leave it on overnight.
Wash it off in the morning.
Sandalwood lessens irritation and reduces swelling.
"Remember, to use herbs to treat pimples, try a paste of fresh mint, lemon juice and tumeric powder, or a paste of sandalwood powder and rosewater."
Check with your doctor for serious cases.
Nobody wants to live with pimples.
I'm Jackie with how to cure pimples with herbs.
Have a great day.
"When the skin's pores become clogged with sebum, pimples can form."
Talk to your doctor if your acne is serious or you're unable to control it.
There are natural ways to treat pimples and some of them may work for you.
Grind a handful of fresh mint leaves with a few drops of lemon juice and tumeric powder.
Apply this paste to the pimples and let it dry.
Wash with lukewarm water and pat dry.
"Tumeric has antibacterial properties to kill germs, and the lemon juice controls the sebum balance of the skin."
Another natural remedy is to make a paste of sandalwood powder and rosewater.
Hi!
"If you haven't bought scissors for your scrapbook station yet, to go ahead and buy all of them together at once already in an organizing system."
"You also want to make sure that along with all your decorative scissors, you have just a regular pair of scissors for any other cutting you might want to do."
A lot of scrapbookers will have a cutting system where you have different utensils that you use to cut different shapes.
The easiest way to organize these is just to find a small container where you can stack all these and your little cutting blades.
"In this series of clips, I'm going to show you how to organize your various scrapbook supplies."
Decorative scissors are really fun to use when scrapbooking and they really add a great extra flare to any page.
The problem is what to do with all those scissors that you accumulate.
"If you have a bunch of scrapbook scissors that you bought separately, probably one of the best ways to organize those is just to buy a plastic container like this and put all of your scissors in there."
That way you can just dump them all in there and dig through them as you need them.
"If you don't have that many, you can always just use a drawer tray like this, which is really nice because you can just slide it in a drawer and out of sight out of mind when you're not scrapbooking."
"If you buy all of your scissors together, a lot of times they'll come in an organizer all ready."
This one's really nice because it spins and you can see all of the different cuts that it makes already on the scissors.
"So the next step in the oxygen facial is to exfoliate her skin and we are going to be doing that by using a mild scrub and it is actually grounded marble beads so it is going to feel a little abrasive on her skin however, my fingertips are gently going over her skin so that we don't abrade you know the surface of her skin."
"It is really gentle, the product is actually working for us so you don't really need to go in there and really scrub super hard the product does everything for us and what a scrub does is kind of exfoliate and remove again you know dirt and oils but any dry skin that is left over and it gives you that soft baby skin feeling."
"So mainly the first steps or stages of a facial of any facial really, you want to prepare the skin and cleansing and exfoliating helps to open the skin's pores so that the skin can receive the other products or ingredients of the rest of the treatment so when the skin's pores are wide open you're going to benefit the most from the treatment."
Now I'm going to speak about tire tread on your vehicle.
"Now as you can see here this is a pretty much a brand new tire so this has got; this has got a good amount of tread on it so what you, there's an old; the old trick that older fellows teach you, you can take a penny and then stick Abraham Lincoln down in there and you can barely see his face then you have like a good amount of tread."
But as far as this other tire I have here; as you can see the tread is almost completely gone.
Then another thing by looking at a tread you can also see how like your own alignment in how your vehicle sits; as you can see the back side of this tire is almost completely worn out so that would mean that the car is sitting this way and that will cause the tire to wear unevenly.
So pretty much if you were to go get your car inspected; you would not be able to get the car inspected with this tire on.
"It's a; you want to make sure you have the proper alignment on your vehicle whenever you do, get new tires so that they're not wearing unevenly because sometimes if the alignment is off very badly you will get a wavy fashion across the tread and this is another problem; this could cause a vibration as you're driving down the street from this being chopped up in this fashion and that's usually what they call tire chop."
"So this tire looks pretty good right here and this is how your tire should look, and this seems to have even wear."
And that concludes dealing with tire tread on the automotive vehicle.
"When you choose a hat, make sure that it goes with your personality and the shape of your face."
Play around with it.
"Some people don't think that they necessarily have the features for a hat, but with all the different options these days, you're bound to find something that works for you, whether it's a trucker's hat, a painter's hat, or even a hat like mine."
"In my case, the work here on the hat and the color of it matches the shoes that we looked at earlier."
"Now, I didn't plan it that way or buy these two together but sometimes you kind of luck out and while you're piecing things together in your closet, you have two things that just kind of seem like they fit together."
"When you're shopping for a hat, go ahead and try on things that you wouldn't normally choose."
"If you don't normally purchase them, stick with something that's an easy color and versatile that will go with a lot of the things that are already in your closet."
"Stay with us, and in this next segment we are going to be talking about how to accessorize with you purse."
So what is Thai tea?
It is very popular of course in Thailand but now it is gaining quite a big following in the US.
It is served in all different types of tea houses as well as in Thai restaurants.
It is made up of black tea usually from China.
It is ancaramum (phonetic) and anise and cinnamon but also orange food coloring.
That is what gives it an orange color.
When you are drinking Thai tea keep in mind it is caffeinated because it has black tea leaves in it.
And Thai tea is usually consumed when it is sweet so also if you are afraid of sugar and calories stay away from Thai tea.
But it is a wonderful treat to try if you want to enter into the Asian cuisines and touch upon what is popular in different Asian tea houses.
Because Thai tea is the best selling tea in a lot of places that sell boba and various sweet stuff in different tea houses throughout the United States.
"Ok, now we're going to check the brake fluid."
"You locate your brake fluid and it's usually mounted up onto the firewall, in your vehicle."
"This is a synthetic fluid, you can also get silicone fluid but it depends on what sort of vehicle you're dealing with."
"You want to make sure your fluid is always at this max line, on the brake reservoir itself."
"You basically just find it, take the cap off, make sure there's no debris and add fluid, if fluid is needed."
"We're going to need to add fluid, in this situation."
"You can generally find brake fluid at any auto parts store, at a convenient store and even the grocery store because they do have an auto fluid section, in there."
"You also want to make sure that you don't spill, if you spill any, make sure you clean it off all painted surfaces because it will destroy the paint."
"That sums up brake fluid, checking the brake fluid and what types of brake fluid, that you should use in your vehicle."
"Most vehicles are different but generally, it's going to be on the left hand side, in the corner, up on the firewall."
"You're going to take the cap off, make sure you clean the area around the reservoir, to make sure you don't get any dirt inside of the fluid itself to contaminate the fluid."
You want to make sure you're not contaminating this fluid because it is vital to the car.
You want to read the instructions on the cap to make sure that you get the right brake fluid.
"If your brake fluid gets low, then you won't have the proper braking that you need, in dyer situations."
You want to read your brake fluid to make sure you're putting the right brake fluid in.
"There's different kinds, you can go from Dot one, on up to Dot five or six."
"Most general cars work with Dot three or four, brake fluid."
In this step we're going to sew the pieces of the animal face to the background fabric.
First you're going to need some thread.
When I sew the white bit of the panda's eye on there I'm going to use white thread.
And then when I sew the black pupil of the eye back on I'll use the black thread again.
You just want to keep consistent with the color of the fabric that you're sewing on.
So start with your needle and thread.
I've doubled up the thread.
Knotted it at the end and it's in there.
Go from the bottom up and you're just going to do a running stitch which basically means you go up and down.
Up and down.
You're going to continue this all the way around the perimeter of your object.
Keep the stitches even and there should be an even space between them as well.
When you're done sewing your animal face it should look something like this.
You notice how I used the white thread on the white.
The black thread on the black.
And it's all securely on the base of my animal face.
Some pins. Scissors. And a needle. And your pieces. So on this we're doing the panda face. I'm first going to take a pin and pin the fabric to the background fabric.
"Also, you want to coordinate the color of your thread to what you're sewing."
So right now I'm going to be sewing this black bit on so I want black thread.
"Hi, I'm Amelia."
And I'm going to show you how to scrunch your hair.
So I like something that's got a little bit of hold to it.
So you just spray the hair with it and then take your hands and just scrunch it.
"Now this is where you can use a dryer, or you don't have to, you can just leave the house like this with it slightly damp."
"The more you scrunch it, the more body you'll get in your hair."
"But it's all about taking, getting that hair into the palm of your hand."
"You want to grab that hair, and squish it and push it up towards the scalp."
So grab it and push it up towards the scalp.
And that is creating the bend.
So that in turn gets you that nice beachy wave look.
And that's how you scrunch your hair.
The technique with scrunching hair is really all about your hands.
You really want to use your hands to kind of get in there and lift that hair.
"Step one, you want to make sure your hair is slightly damp it does not need to be soaking wet."
Just slightly damp.
So when you get out of the shower you just want to take your towel and kind of go in and just remove as much water as possible.
So that way your styling product doesn't get diluted.
"Then you want to use some sort of balm, cream or mousse in your hair."
You can even use a spray gel.
Now we're going to do a little coloring on our clown face to really clown it up.
Give it some clown makeup.
Now I'm going to make some nice big eyebrows with this red.
"Even though it is a permanent marker, you want to wait just a little bit on the fun foam to let it dry so that because it will smudge if you touch it right away after."
Now we'll finish up our clown by adding a little bit of hair on the sides.
You want to put a good amount of glue here on both sides.
"And then we'll add our fuzzy hair and then we'll finish off with we're going to dot some glue, just some little dots of glue here and there."
And use these red and blue sequins just here and there to brighten up our clown.
And there's our finished clown mask.
So I'm going to do those big eyes with the nice permanent marker.
You want to do just a big arch over both of the eyes like that with nice bright colors.
Then I'm going to make the eye look bigger by using a black and just fill that it.
"That will make the eye look a little bit bigger, really wide eyed clown."
You have to be careful not to touch the marker.
Let it dry completely or you can smudge.
I made a little smudge here.
"If you do that, you can always cover it up with some decoration later."
"So, when you're speaking with your tailor or maybe the rental place, where you're going to be renting your suit, or someone that is designing and creating something special for you, one thing to consider is different neck shapes that you have, which are going to kind of alter the shoulder style that your garment is going to be tailored in; your jacket specifically."
"So, if you have a short neck, you're going to need a square shoulder, if you have a long neck, you're going to need more of a sloped shoulder and then if you just have a regular neck, you're going to need just a regular shoulder."
"Within that, longer, longer meaning, meaning this way, you know."
"And, then finally if you have like a short neck and you're stockier, it would be squarer from here to here."
Same thing.
"So, maybe these diagrams will help you figure out whether you are a square neck, or excuse me, a square shoulder, a sloping shoulder or normal regular."
"So, there's different ways to measure that, or there's different ways to kind of point out or notice and take into account, meaning what type of shoulder you want based on your neck, whatever neck you've been given."
"And, all the necks are fine."
O.k.
"so, most of it is going to be from here to here, same as we measured our shoulder seam; but I'll show it to you on paper, so you can kind of tell the difference and decide what you are because maybe you might be living with a long neck and you just don't realize that you have a long neck."
"Alright, so let's look at the pages."
"Alright, so here we are, shoulder style normal and that is, it's just like we measured before that point that goes from here to here."
"And, then what we have is a sloping shoulder and as you can see I've showed you here, this is for like a longer neck, right."
"If you have a longer neck, kind of bring your shoulders down like that and that is from here to there."
"Hi my name is Adam Bowling, I'm representing the Christian Martial Arts Association."
This would be a risky technique for someone who's small on a bigger person.
I'm here to talk to you about the aspects of the Tigery Style.
Tamo develop the five animals in mind that everyone is not the same styles.
"Keeping this in mind, he knows that the tiger was also a larger animal than most of the other animals and the tiger's techniques would not be something that a smaller person would be able to use."
"The tiger was use as a more of a bone-crushing, breaking, pinning to the ground type of technique."
"The tiger's techniques were head on, they were for someone who is stronger, and fast and the techniques often show that, for example we do a technique called tiger on guard, tiger crouches, tiger strikes to the throat."
Tiger strikes to the throat is a straight on attack.
"That aspect, this aspect of tiger shows that the person that I'm going to be coming against is either smaller than me or close to my size."
This is not a technique you would do to someone who is much bigger than you.
Now I'd like to talk about how to anchor your plant.
"By this I mean, how to keep your plant from falling over."
Or the plant is very tall.
"Or if the plant is placed in a very windy, high wind situation."
You may still have problems with your plant tipping over.
"Or for example, indoors, if you're in a tight traffic area."
You've got a lot of people walking back and forth.
People might just run into the plant.
And it might be in danger of someone knocking it over.
So in order to make our plant more secure.
"Especially, when we use a plastic container like this, too."
"Sometimes the plant, just isn't heavy enough."
Now if you've centered your plant correctly and you've firmed the soil around the plant.
And it might tip over.
"So to make it more secure, there is a number of techniques that we can use."
"First of all, one of my favorite things to do."
Is use some rocks.
And have a whole bunch of different types of rocks.
"Decorative rocks, large boulders."
Different sized rocks.
"Smooth river rocks. We can throw these rocks, in with the plant. Lean it up, against the plant. And really stabilize the plant that way."
And your container is not too big for the plant.
Rocks are great because they add weight to the plant.
And so they add weight to the container to prevent the container from tipping over.
Also they apply pressure to the roots.
So that the plant won't tip over so easily.
Or we can also use little ornaments like this.
And broken bricks.
Also we have some wooden sticks.
You can stick a wooden stick in there.
And tie the plant with some green plant tape or some string.
"Hopefully, you shouldn't have too many problems with your plant being unstable."
What I have here is some nice bamboo.
I've cut some bamboo sticks.
And you can also use a bamboo stick with a little string or some wire.
To hold your plant in place.
"Now indoors or sometimes outdoors, too."
You can use a trellis.
Trellis is another great option.
Or another really great technique is to simply prop the plant up.
So that it's leaning against the wall.
"Sometimes, if you just lean your plant up against the wall."
But there are circumstances and there are types of plants.
It provides some extra support.
"So basically, these are some great techniques that you can use to anchor your plant."
Large and small.
Where you're going to have some problems with the plant.
Being in danger of falling over.
"But sometimes, if a plant has a shallow root system."
Welcome.
This section is called providing great customer service.
So think of the value you will be receiving just from this one customer alone.
"Again, the bottom line for any business is profitability."
So why is customer service so important to your business?
Every business is based upon customer.
The customer is the person who brings revenue and profitability into your business.
"Now if you lose this customer, you are also losing the money or profitability that they brought in to you."
"If you retain customer's, then you not only retain your business for a month, a year, but it could go on longer than that."
Think about the customer base that you could build upon from that one customer.
"You could have word of mouth, advertising, it's just out there for you if your customer is happy with you."
The next thing to do is just to slice up or chop up a white onion.
Then the secret ingredient to this is going to be cilantro.
"A cilantro is a interesting vegetable you got to really wash it well or you're going to find sand and grit in it, so wash it and stem it."
I like to use a white onion because the color contrast is better.
The flavor is not that much different from a yellow onion; to me it just looks better.
"So that is why I use a white onion, I already chopped it up and add maybe about a half of onion to this."
The next thing that I add is a chopped tomato now I used this is a regular tomato just a salad tomato.
I actually got an Italian tomato.
Those are plumb tomatoes I use those this time.
The reason is because they were redder fresher and they smell better.
Whenever I get a tomato I always smell it to make sure that it has that tomato smell so we add all of this in.
Let's drill the Basic Double Twist.
Shall we?
"Feet are facing straight ahead, belly button's pulled in, chest is lifted."
Try this in front of a mirror and make sure you're doing the body positions correctly.
Good.
"Left hip, forward, back; forward, back, forward, back, forward, double time."
"And forward, back; forward, back; forward, back; forward; forward, back; forward, back."
Slow it down.
"And forward, back; forward, back; forward, back and double time."
"Forward, back; forward, back; left foot, right foot; left foot, right foot; left hip's keeping time now, hands aren't moving."
"Keep the belly button pulled in, chest lifted."
Good.
"So let's start with our Single, so think about the right hip going forward and then back, forward, and now keep all the weight on the right foot."
Slow it down one more time.
"And forward, back; forward, back; forward, back."
Very nice.
"Forward, back, then switch left foot, back."
"Forward, back; forward, back."
Good.
"Five, six, double time."
"And forward, back; forward, back; forward, back; forward; right foot, left foot; right foot, left foot."
"Notice the right hip is keeping time, alright."
"Hands stay in place, they're not flying all around, good."
"In this clip we're going to talk about, how to find out about the educational requirements to take the Certified Public Accountant Exam."
I'm going to show you a website that will direct you to your state so that you can find out the individual requirements for the state you'd like to be licensed in; www.nasba.org is the website for the National Association of State Boards of Accountancy.
"Right on the homepage there's a listing for all of the state boards in the United States, click on state board listings on the homepage, it takes you to an in between page, simply click on the left map, which takes you to a map of the United States, and all you have to do is click on your individual state."
"That will give you the name, address, phone number, and fax number, as well as an e-mail and a website for all the State Boards of Accountancy."
"Each individual state have different requirements, therefore it's important for you to find out the requirements for your individual state."
And that's how you find out the educational requirements for the Certified Public Accountants Exam.
This is your plum line.
I picked this up at our local hardware store.
That way you will know that your finished product of your picket fence is level all the way down.
It is used to make sure that your 4x4's are square.
Now how this works is that you put in your plum line.
This is where your fence is going to go.
The other function of a plum line is to tell you where your posts are going to go.
Thirdly when you use your plum line make sure that this point on your post and this point on your post are touching equally the plum line.
We line up all your 4x4's in a straight line to make sure that they are all plum and when you put on your framing everything will be square for your picket fence.
Another function of your plum line is to establish the height of your picket fence.
From one end to the other I put a level on it to make sure that this is level and when you are done with the framing of the fence we take our pickets and we attach the pickets to the frame to this height.
"I disk fired our bowl, I'm going to take it out, now it's nice and hard."
I don't know if you can see that?
We've got a nice wax ring around there.
"That's good, I'm going to turn my pot."
"Instead of starting where I left off I'm going to come back here, I'm going to get more wax so you can see, I'm going to come back here where I started, and pick that line up so I have a nice clean line, come all the way over in here."
"That hole in there is so I can hang it up on the wall, by the way."
"There, we've waxed our bowl, we're going to set it upside down like that."
Only takes a few minutes for it to dry.
But it's still very porous.
This is in the best shape for us to glaze our pot because the glaze is going to soak in there.
But before we do that we want to wax our foot ring right here.
"We call it a foot because it sits on there, right?"
"We're going to take some liquid wax, some cool stuff."
"We're going to start right in the center smear it around like this, if you get to much on there as you tip it, which we don't want to do, as we tip it wax rolls off runs down the side glaze won't stick to there."
"Since it didn't do that we still have some wax in our sponge so I'm going to go about a quarter of an inch at least slowly turn the pot turning my wrist, both wrists like that all the way over."
Now we have a nice wax.
What we want to talk about now is running the pattern called the out route.
"He's either going to give an inside jab step or a shank move and he's going to go to the outside, he'll open his body up, looking back, keeping the defensive back on the inside and he'll get the pass to the outside."
"One important thing is when he catches the ball on the out route; he has to catch it, tuck it, turn and try to get up field as quick as possible if he has the defensive back."
A lot of times you'll see the defensive back try to cheat it from the inside.
If he can make the catch and head up field he's going to have a guy on his back and that's a very effective route.
That's how to run the out route.
The out route can be very effective.
It's not a route you'll run to pick up a lot of yardage.
If you have a defensive back that really cheats to the inside you want to try to run the outside route.
This is also a good route to use if you're trying to save time and trying to pick up yardage and stop the clock.
You can through him to the outside and get out of bounds to stop the clock.
This is what an out route looks like (video demo).
We're going to have our receiver run about 5 yards and get the defensive back in his back peddle.
Then he's going to stop the route.
Now we're able to lift the hoop up and off our body and put it back down.
Let's try combining the 2.
Do 2 rotations and then the right hand will put it back down or your first hand.
"Lift up, 1, 2, and back down."
Nice.
Let's try that again.
Lifting up.
"1, 2, and back down."
"You can really have some fun with putting the hoop down by extending that second arm through the hoop, turning slowly and then giving the hoop a whirl."
"If you'd like, you can do that quick."
"Up, down, up, down."
"Lift ups and drop downs are a lot of fun, so play with them and make this trick your own."
Take your first hand or right hand in my instance because I hoop to the left.
"Take your first hand, place it on the small of your back."
"When you feel that hoop hit your hand, you're going to lift up into lasso."
"Now, I'm going to bring it back down using my first hand as well."
"When I see that opening, I can either stick my second hand up and into it, or I can just place it down on the body."
Once again and then slowly bring it back down.
Let's do it a little bit more smoothly now.
Right hand is going to lift up.
The last snake we're going to look at today is the sand boa.
This is an anytheristic sand boa meaning it lacks the red pigmentation.
It's what we like to call shovel head so it's flat on the bottom here and it goes slightly inclined up to the top and that's to help them burrow down.
"If you ever see them in action they really do, they just slide right in the dirt like it's water and disappear right away."
These guys max out at about two to three feet.
They don't get very big.
They stay nice and small.
They're usually pretty well mannered as well.
They're easy to keep.
They're a desert species living in a sandy dirt kind of substrate.
You can see he's sniffing around with his little tongue checking everything out making sure that there's nothing that's going to eat him or that he can eat.
This is a pretty typical patterning for a sand boa.
That's why it is a black and white sand boa.
Blotches of black and the coloration between.
The splotches can be bigger or smaller depending on the sand boa.
Sometimes you get a little bit of banding though it's relatively rare.
There are a couple of different species of sand boas.
"There's Tanzanian sand boas, Kenyan sand boas, rough scaled sand boas."
So not all sand boas are the same.
"There's various differences between the species such as eye placement, shape and feel of the scales and things like that, but more often than not what you will see in a pet store is going to be a Kenyan sand boa because that is the most popular species and most readily available."
Usually they are an orangish red and black.
This is a female sand boa.
"Sand boas are one of the few snakes where you can actually tell the sex by dimorphism which means they have, both sexes have different characteristics."
"The sand boas, the females have a much shorter fatter tail than the males do."
The males have a longer tail section.
"Interesting things about the sand boas, the sand boas do live most of their lives underground."
If you look at the shape of the head it has an incline on it.
Let's talk about the dice that are used for craps.
Just to make sure that everybody is up to snuff on the situation.
"Two identical dice, right and the object is to roll them both at the same time."
"That's the action that you do and you let rolling the dice or rolling the bones decide your fate if you will and that, there you have it."
"There's six plus four equals ten so the whole deal is you're playing with two six sided dice and probability is at play and the thing, the combination, the sum that most often comes up will be seven because it's most likely with two six sided dice to get a seven than anything else."
"Essentially, that's what's at play in craps."
You got two six sided dice.
Let's look at one of them.
There's a one.
Two dots so that's two.
There's three.
Four.
Five and then six.
And you've got two of these dice.
I'm Dr. Joe Neely.
I practice with the Barton Oaks Dental Group.
"But, typically if you wait long enough, if you're able to wait long enough the body will either vent the abscess tooth, the infection, up along the ligament that holds the tooth in to the outside or actually create a little tunnel, a channel, to the outside."
"The infection is still there, it just has a way of relieving pressure."
"Now, the abscess is only painful if you bite hard on it or if your; if you become infirmed enough that your normal immune system doesn't attack it."
"At that point in time the infection can continue to become more and more virulent, or strong, potent, toxic."
"It will literally eat away, honey comb, the tooth surface."
"So, after the infection has been removed through antibiotics and a root canal is done, the infected portion of your tooth removed, if the infection has been there long enough and the surface of the tooth is enough like a honey comb, porous, it's necessary to go in and do surgery to cut that off."
Simply said you avoid a tooth abscess by treating it in a timely fashion.
I want to talk about how to avoid surgery for an apical toot abscess.
The apex of the tooth or the apical portion of the tooth is the tip of the root.
If you could imagine this ball point pen being a tooth.
The crown or the coronal portion is the portion that you normally see in your mouth and the very tip of the root where the small aperture is that the blood vessels and nerves enter the tooth is called the apex of the tooth.
"So, surgery is avoided; surgery is done at the apex of the tooth for one of several reasons."
"One if the abscess is allowed to continued to mature to the point that the bodies immune system and even systemic antibiotics can't control the infection then there are times where you have to go in from the outside, reflect the gum back, bore a hole through the bone into the abscessed area in order to relieve enough of the fluid in order to begin to be able to overwhelm the infection."
That type of abscess surgery is avoided by getting the abscess or the tooth infection treated rather than waiting.
The early portion of an abscess tooth is quite uncomfortable there is a lot of pain from the intense pressure.
In this section I'm going to show you how to iron the wax over the snowboard.
What you are going to want to do when you start waxing is you are going to want to take your iron and hold it above the snowboard and touch it with your bar of wax and your wax will begin to drip off.
And you are just going to want to make a steady stream of dots or lines and zig zag across the board.
"Make sure you get quite a bit of wax on there, then if your iron starts to smoke turn it down a little."
And then what you are going to do is you are going to take the iron and melt all this wax down into the base.
After you drip your wax over your snowboard you are going to want to take your iron and just press pretty hard down and iron all of that dripped wax down evenly over your entire base leaving it on as the spots dry.
After you iron on some of the new wax you will see some of the dirty wax that you couldn't get off initially come up to the top and then you will get that all off later once you scrape off all the excess.
Now were going to lower the car.
Its important to pick this car up by the frame because you can damage the car.
"This happens to be a front wheel drive car, if you pick up under the axles youre going to damage those axles."
Its important to raise the car high enough so the stand clear is easily.
This way you wont have a chance of the stand jamming and a chance of the jack slipping off the car.
"Okay, were going to let the car down slowly."
Now were going to do the same thing on the other side.
Thats how we lower a car.
Hi I'm Ty Brown with dogbehavioronline.com.
"I'm here in Riverton, Utah today teaching you how to train a dog."
Give the dog's name and then the command.
And then immediately following the command just a little tug on the leash as you trot backwards.
You trotting backwards is going to give that dog a bit of a target to go to.
And the second he comes to you you're going to praise him heavily and make him feel very good about what he's done.
Do this with a lot of repetition.
"And now you don't have to tug very hard, but we just want something physical associated with that word 'come'."
"Now if you do this a thousand times let's say, time number one thousand and one now you don't have the leash on, you give the command."
"""Rocko come."""
"And sure enough, because you've done it so many times it's hard-wired into the dog's head and even without the leash here he comes."
And he comes running.
The topic of today's discussion is teaching your dog how to come when called.
So using these techniques is what's going to teach your dog how to come when called.
Now one of the most frustrating things that dog owner complain to me about is that their dogs don't come when called.
"And so it's really important, not only to have a dog that doesn't run away, but to have a dog that can come in a time that maybe car is coming or something like that."
It's important that the dog comes when called.
And so the tool that you're going to need is what's called a long-line.
Now a long-line is just a 20 foot leash typically made out of cotton.
What you're going to want to do is get your dog away from you.
"Maybe 10, 20 feet."
"Now if we are talking about putting a hat away for a season, if necessary it is perfectly acceptable to take a hat like this, pack it, wrap it in a little dry cleaning plastic and gently put it into the top of a closet like so but over time that is not ideal, it will start to chaff the hat."
I strongly recommend that you invest in a hat box.
Almost every hat store in the country sells hat boxes.
"They are typically very inexpensive, in the 10 to 20 dollar range but by comparison a good felt hat for those of you who don't know is going to run you anywhere from 100 to 300 dollars so if you want a hat like this a good hat box is a tremendous investment."
"The main component of a real hat box and there are people who sell plain boxes to be used as hat boxes, is this insert which holds the crown of the hat and puts the weight right around the band and I will demonstrate like so."
"And you can see that this hat is now completely secure, no weight is really on any part of it except the reinforced area around the stitching where it is not going to lose shape, the brim is completely protected from distortion and the lid protects the entire hat from dust."
We fried tempura and now we are going to do a breaded and a coconut shrimp and here is how we do it.
Okay first we take a shrimp we stick it into the eggs they have already been scramble.
I use the yolk and the white and then I'm going to stick a little flour on it and I'm going to stick it the egg a little bit again just to re-wet it and then I'm going to put some breading on there.
And we would do a couple of these to show you this style and then we get them into the deep fryer in a minute and see what happens from there.
Okay this is with just straight breading in another segment we will be showing you how to do coconut shrimp.
Alright I think these are finished now I'm going to go ahead and take these out.
"Oh ya they are nice and brown they have been in there 3 1/2-4 minutes it all depends on your time frame is to how many shrimp you have, how much breading, what type of fryer you have and here we have the finish product."
These are breaded shrimp the next one you see in the next segment is coconut shrimp.
We're still talking about interceptions.
You want to attack the ball.
"In order to do that you have to set, you have to have a good base then jump up as high as you can and meet that ball at it's highest point."
Don't let the ball come down to you.
"The other thing to make sure you don't do is, if I'm in a jump ball situation with this guy I can't push him out of the way when I jump up to get the ball."
That's called interference.
The other thing I can't do is as I'm going up I can't hold his hands down from catching the ball.
It has to be an even jump ball situation where I go up for it.
"So, this is our defensive guy, here's our wide receiver and they're going to go out for a few yards and show you what it looks like in a jump ball situation (video demo)."
In that jump ball situation both of them had just as much right to go up and get the ball as the other one.
They didn't interfere with the pass and they met the ball at the highest point.
One thing that's important is when you're trying to make an interception; you have to have a good read on the ball.
Then it's the best guy comes down with it.
That's the way we don't interfere and we go up and meet the ball at the highest point when trying to intercept the ball.
Especially if you have either a big receiver or a big defensive back. One thing that will come into play is a jump ball situation when making an interception.
Especially if you've read the pass and the quarterback throws it a little under. Then you'll have a jump ball situation.
There are two things we want to remember.
"First, we always want to meet the ball at it's highest point."
We talked about in a previous clip that you don't want to let the ball come to you.
"Ball comes down, goes here, alright, this is a trap situation between those two players."
"Same thing, ball goes here, trap, trap here between these two guys, alright."
"Some reason ball gets to the corner, this guy's got to fly to get there, and this guy's got to cut off the base line and any penetration there."
"This guy's flying here, alright, and this guy's got the back side, OK. Now, the vulnerable part of this is if, for some how, they skip the pass all the way over to here, then these guys have to fly to get there."
"This guy's base line to base line on both sides, free throw, foul line extended."
"He's got to get there, alright, so, if the ball's here, this guy's flying, this guy's flying, this guy's here, this guy's here, this guy's here."
Quick ball reversal will really hurt this defense.
"So everyone's got to be aware, locked in to their situation, knowing and anticipating, first of all, that the interior is very weak here."
"You've only got one guy here at the free throw line, and one guy underneath."
This defense is designed to stop the outside shot.
"From corner to corner, right, foul line extended out, I'm sorry, foul lane extended this way, and free throw line extended this way, these guys have to be flying, alright."
"So, again, ball goes to the corner, this guy's flying here, this guy's flying here."
"Ball reverses, this guy's flying here, this guy's flying here, he's dropping here, he's dropping here."
"Anything on the top, these two players have to be able to shut it down."
"Alright, so anything from here to here has to be shut down, and this guy's got to be so big in here, we can't allow anything in here, alright."
"These two guys have to shut all of this down, and this guy's got to shut this down, this guy's got to shut this down."
So the weak spots are here and here.
Got to be aware of that when you're playing a one-three-one.
"If you're playing against a team that can shoot it well from outside, one-three-one is what you want to run."
"Now, you have to have athletes in order to really run this defense."
"It's really, really important."
"Alright, here's what I mean by that."
"Another reason that you would like to work on your horse and why your horse might like you to work on them, is to help them feel more comfortable with their areas of structural imbalance."
Most horses are not conformationally perfect.
"If you have a horse that toes out a little bit, for instance, or toes in a little bit, a horse that has a little bit of a sway back, a horse that has a really heavy neck, that's going to show up in other parts of their body."
"If the horse toes out, they're going to have some definite strains in this area."
Their muscles are going to be tight.
Or if the horse toes in -- any of those structural imbalances are going to cause issues.
"If they have a very heavy neck, or if their neck ties in in a specific way, they're used to be used to carrying their body in a such a way as to, perhaps, protect the neck area, to guard it a little bit."
"Or, they're going to be used to balancing with their neck a great deal, which is going to cause issues along the back area and in the hindquarters."
Hi.
This is John Stewart and this how to set up your ground tarp or your footprint for setting up your tent.
"So, with your ground cloths you always want to make sure you have them trimmed to the size of the bottom of your tent to where your tent sits right over the top of it."
This is how to set up a ground cloth or footprint for setting a tent.
Most tents now days come with a footprint or a ground cloth.
"These help for protecting the bottom of the tent from moisture, sharp objects, stumps, roots and other things."
Most footprints come fitted to the bottom of the tent so that there's no overhang on the outside of the tent when you set the tent on top of it.
These are real nice because you don't have to do any folding of the ground cloth or anything like that.
"Ground cloths can be tarps, tyvec, plastic sheeting, anything like that, that you can put on the ground to be a base layer to protect the bottom of your tent from moisture and other objects."
These things need to trimmed to the size of the bottom of your tent so that the water doesn't catch if it rains and flow up under your tent and pull up.
If the water pulls up underneath your tent.
it can saturate through and come into your tent in the middle of the night.
OK.
The next thing I want to talk to you about is silence.
"No, I'd rather be silent and punish you, than tell you how I'm really feeling or thinking."
The silent treatment is a way in which we communicate.
It communicates that we don't want to communicate.
"I cannot encourage you enough, not to give people the silent treatment."
"And I've known a lot of people, I've worked with a lot of people in my life that love the silent treatment."
They love for you to have to figure out what it is that you're upset about.
"And that is really, really bad in communication."
It is one of the worst non-verbal tools that you can pick up and use.
"So, stop using the silent treatment and start encouraging yourself to use words, which is verbal communication, to communicate how you feel."
"Yep, that was silent."
And what does that communicate?
Nothing.
Nothing.
"Have you ever heard of, or given, or received the silent treatment?"
"Ah, we see it in relationships a whole lot."
And what the silent treatment is something like this.
"""So, do you want to talk about it?"""
In this clip we will talk a little bit more how to use our handkerchiefs.
You can use one or two.
"And, one, two, three; one, two, three, because the movement of the arms is continuous, there is no rhythm in it."
"One, two, three; one, two, three; one, two, three; one, two, three."
"It depends of the decision or the mood or the master, technique also."
"So the rotation again, uses the same cycle of one, two, three; one, two, three; one, two, three."
"Going outward to concentric circles or inward; one, two, three; one, two, three; one, two, three; one, two, three."
"Or, one, two, three; one, two, three; one, two, three."
"Again, rising and falling."
"One, two, three; one, two, three; one, two, three; one, two, three."
It's very similar to the movement of the hands from rising up and one hand or two hands.
"But, it's a little bit difficult to combine the basic step with the movement of the arms."
What I am going to do now is place the window in the opening.
This is the right replacement.
"Since I have a top stop I just want to hold my window in, it is a sloping ceil, just set the window on the outer edge."
"What that does it lowers my window and allows my window to drop in, then I push my bottom in, and now the window is held by the top stop and I can let go of it."
Then what I do next is to take shim boards all the way to the far corner.
If you don't go to the far corner what is going to happen is that it is going to bow your ceil and that is a no no.
"I go to the far side, jack my window up and what this does is it brings my window all the way solid to the top."
And that would be the letter I.
I'll just point out this one.
This is an I which is fairly plain.
It's unadorned.
"It's particularly more confident when you have also the upper and lower bands on it, and by contrast, this one here would indicate a low self-esteem if you're doing a little I, meaning yourself."
And then all those other I's have different meanings too.
"But you can basically, from what you now know about handwriting, you can figure out that things like the size and the form of the I, whether it's very ornate, whether it's very plain, that all responds to the I as well."
Because I represents your self image.
What do you think of yourself?
How big is your ego in other words?
"OK, so there are many different ways in which we can write that letter I, and it indicates how we feel about ourselves."
So there are many representations of that letter I on this sheet.
"As you can see, there are various different types of ways in which you can writes that letter I."
See if you can find the way which you write the letter I on this sheet.
So I'm not going to go over every single one.
Once you rolled out your pie crust take a spatula and just kind of work it under it cause you don't want to tear it.
Place it like this then it's not quite high enough just go ahead and take a little scrap piece and push it back in there.
"It's really easy to add and take away pieces for one area into the other area just fine, and once you done that just go ahead and trim it off like such."
If it's stuck anywhere from underneath non commercial surface and it would be hard to get off.
So obviously I can't go all the way to the middle but to move it to our pie pan.
We're just going to flop it this over anyway like a burrito.
"So now we can get to the middle and we can roll it again this just makes it easier to transfer to our 8"" pie pan."
"Then transfer it and roll it gently back out, the really good part about making pie crust is that pie crust taste really good raw, and you always have little scrap pieces like this you can eat."
"So take advantage of that don't let your kids see you do that, my grandmother use to say you get worms if you do that."
Anyway and there you go you just trim it and decorate it and then your ready to put your pie filling in.
To trim the edges you just take a regular pairing knife and just that really just works good if you go like that and it comes off just dandy.
"And the dealer has his 3 cards and your going to place your bet because a pair kings is a very good hand to have and you see the dealer also has a pair of kings so your thinking now what are we going to do, cause everybody has a pair of kings, were going to the 3rd card since you have a queen, and the dealer has a 5, you are the winner, so your going to win your ante, your going to win your bet, and your also going to win your pair plus because you do have a pair of kings."
And we'll talk about the amount you just won a little bit later.
"So we're going to start with, how to slip or dodge a punch."
"As you know for fighting, sparring, any situation defending yourself."
O.k.
"If you look at the floor and you come up, you don't know what's waiting for you, as you come up."
"So anytime, somebody's throwing a punch at you."
And you're trying to get away from it.
You want to still keep your eyes on your opponent as you're going underneath that punch.
"O.k., so pretend just straight punch is coming at you. You want to go underneath it. At the same time protect your face and your rib cage."
You just went from right to left.
"And we just went underneath that punch, making half a circle."
There maybe that the person is hitting you back.
"So one more time, step over and under."
And come up on the other side.
O.k.
"Make sure you don't look at the floor, this whole time."
And that your hands stay up.
"Keep your eyes on your opponent the whole time you're moving underneath that arm, or that punch, to make sure you know, what's coming at you."
The second you get up from that slip.
Now you can do two of them.
You can slip underneath.
So how do you get away from that.
If another punch is coming.
Or moving back.
"O.k., so that's two slips."
One and two.
Get ready to throw a punch.
Right after you come out of that slip.
"Next, we're going to work on simple combinations starting with jab cross."
"Well, you've got to learn how to slip."
"So again, you have to start with the staggered stance."
So you have balance.
"Make sure you have the hip width apart, same position that you set up for a punch."
Hands are always up.
"The most common mistake people make, slipping, is they look at the floor as they go down."
My name is Windy St. George and this is how to play Uno. Uno is a card game similar to Crazy Eights.
Sometimes the person who is first out is not the one who wins.
The strategy cards are worth more points than the regular numbered cards so once the cards have been dealt the first card on top of the draw pile is turned over and this one here is a 0 and yellow so the person to the left of the dealer can play either a 0 or a yellow card that they have in their hand or special cards.
A wild card can be played on any card and any number.
I have here a yellow card so this turn goes to the left and the player either plays specialty cards or a card that matches either a color or the number.
"If the player doesn't have a card that they can play or they have a card they don't want to play but they could play, they instead draw a card and you don't want to draw too many cards because the goal is to get the cards out of your hands but it is sometimes strategic to draw another card."
When people are playing and you get down to the last card in your hand and you have only one card left you must shout Uno so that everyone is aware that the game is about to be over.
"If you don't remember to shout Uno and you are caught with one card in your hand you must draw two cards, and that's how you play Uno."
It plays two to ten players.
One person will be the dealer and the dealer will deal out seven cards to each player.
There are different kinds of cards in Uno.
There are regular number cards which is the basic card that you are going to have and then there are special cards that change the turn order.
Wild cards are allowed to play any time.
There are draw two cards to play this and draw two cards instead of placing your card down.
There is skip a turn which causes the next person to lose their turn and then there is reverse which causes the turn order to go counter clockwise.
So the goal of Uno is to be the first to have all your cards out of your hand and to have the most points afterwards.
"Hello, my name is Adrian Arceo and now we're going to get into some first and third base coaching."
"Now, don't think that just because you're not between those two white lines that you're not an important part of the offense, because even the smartest base runners, needs help getting around the bases."
"So don't be fooled, being a first and third base coach is actually very important!"
"Now, as a first base coach or a third base coach you have to be smart, you have to have a lot of experience, you have to make split second decisions and know the capabilities of not only the players on your team, but the players on the other team."
"Now, between the first and third base coaches, there's actually a lot of communication going on, but each individual coach has different responsibilities."
Usually the first base coach is responsible for the runner between home and first base.
"As soon as the runner starts heading out to second base, the responsibility gets handed onto the third base coach."
"Now as a base coach you have to respond to differences in outs, counts, innings, players, situations and game intensity."
So there's a lot to go into when it comes to coaching third and first base.
"And, just as in a game, when an umpire makes a bad call, it can change the entire outcome of the game."
A bad decision or a bad call by the first or third base coaches can actually change the entire game completely.
"So your snake is done, it looks great, so now where to display it."
"You are probably pretty proud of your snake so it could go anywhere, it could go on a table, on a shelf, but there are a couple of other places which would be kind of cool to display as well."
You want to make sure that your snake is really dry before you put it anywhere.
I'm going to show you how you could actually hang your snake on the wall.
"If you've got a few tacks what you can do is place your snake along this way and this snake is really dry otherwise we wouldn't be putting it on the wall and you can push the tacks in and because this is newspaper you can either grab on to the newspaper or you can push it in where the bends are so actually it makes a great decoration in a kids' room and you can see that there and it stays against the wall, it's like a three dimensional piece of art."
"Now, Im going to show you about dealing the cards, were going to always start from the left, going to the right player."
"So here, this is how it goes."
"Again, dealing up, up, up, dealer card up, up, up, up and in this case, the next card I put is down or called the hole card, and again, slide into the table so nobody can see and put it under."
Its just a slight difference but you might be able to do it that way too.
"Lets put a few hands out, heres one, another players two, another players three."
"Now Im going to deal to myself, Im going to put this card down, to the dealer."
"The next card is up, what I do is put it toward the right of the card, why?"
"Because you can see both cards easily, the numerical value, its easy to read for the dealer and the player."
"Well put the next card up, the next card up, and the dealers card up."
"Again, dealing goes left to right and this order."
And then I get my last card.
"Another way you can do this, just a simple, slight, difference would be this."
So as you can see our crab cakes mixture is all well blended and now we are going to form the crab cakes itself.
Okay I like to take a table spoon and kind of gather the crab meat mixture in the spoon like that and just form it into a patty.
Nice like that see basically the size of the crab cakes you just do that to the whole mixture here and then we are going to put it in the refrigerator and then go on to complete the receipt and do our crab sauce.
Okay yes there we go and we like to make it pretty much the same size.
Hi!
Folds simple.
"Pick up there, push down on the red to the right, push it forward, locks."
Easy to open.
Pull out on your lever.
"Just kind of let it go down in the front, push down on the red in the back and you're ready to go."
Decent little basket.
Offers a little rain shield as an accessory.
This stroller retails for like a 129 dollars.
Great little buy.
Excellent for say the grandparents house.
Not a bad little snazzy stroller here.
Don't want to spend a lot of money but want a good quality stroller.
Something that goes from newborn on through.
Graco Mosaic is the way to go.
Ideal for your quick trips.
This particular stroller will accommodate a new born.
Will sit up as they get older by adjusting this rip cord back here.
"You have a little inside pouch for your kid for a bottle, for some snacks."
"You have your bar in the front, which is removable, a cup holder for mom or dad."
Everywhere that you say that something is labeled red means that there is a function on this particular stroller.
This is about 15 pounds in weight for this particular umbrella stroller.
Now let's talk a little about middle activities or medium activities which are basically teaching a concept.
"They're a little bit more than ice breaking activities, although a lot of them could be ice breaking activities, and they're not really so much testing activities."
Why?
Cause I'm really happy today.
Well I made an angry face because I'm really mad that I missed the bus this morning or whatever it is.
So this is a wonderful way to teach emotions by letting the kids experience and show the emotions that they're feeling or the emotions that they wanted to express in that moment.
The first one I want to talk about it called Pass the Face.
"You have everybody sit in a circle, they're all sitting down and one person is going to make a face."
Like a happy face or a sad face or an angry face and then everybody in the circle repeats that face.
"So I make a sad face, the sad face goes all the way around the room."
"Then the person next to me might make a funny face and it goes all around the circle and then the next person might make an angry face, all the way around the circle everybody repeats the angry face."
"So we go all around the circle with everyone getting to make a face, we pass all the faces so everybody gets to do the faces and then we can talk about emotions."
What face did you make?
"Well, I made a happy face."
Welcome!
This section is called providing great customer service.
Whatever you have that helps you utilize your expertise and communicate that knowledge to your customer is only going to help you assist them in a much much better manner.
The next step that we are going to talk about again in the basic elements of providing customer service is utilizing their expertise.
Now this is easier than said or done but a lot of people who provide customer service don't really realize how many resources they have just at their hands so that they can go ahead and help the customers.
"Now as you continue with any business, you are going to learn a lot more about that."
Take your knowledge and share it with the customer.
Any time you can educate your customer and we will speak about this a little bit more in detail later.
Then you are helping that customer better communicate with you what their expectations may be in the future.
"You also have a lot of tools available to you as well whether it may be a computer system, maybe you may have data base that you can pull up different information on your customer, maybe you have very specific tools of the trade whether it be a wrench or a hammer or your pen."
Let me show you what cilantro looks like here is cilantro and it's very aromatic and its on a stem.
"What I've done is I stemmed it now don't chop it because you want the whole leaf you rub this little bit between your fingers, I wish you can smell that."
Add about a cup maybe three quarters of a cup of cilantro to the mix now what I'm going to do next is I'm going to mix this up.
Mix it as well as you can and then add just a little bit of juice.
Not to much and then mix everything up together.
This is your first mix we have a second mix coming up.
Having inconsistent tense usage drives editors crazy.
"Because as someone is cutting together video, you hear someone saying something in the present tense like, ""So, I'm going for a walk."""
"Now of course, getting someone to speak in the present tense is harder than it sounds, because people naturally fall into the past tense when they're telling a story."
"So the solution is to pause for a second, say to someone, ""Hey, can you say that one more time, that sounded great, but let's have you say that like this."""
And after a while your subject will get into the rhythm of speaking in the present tense.
"And then all of a sudden it cuts to them in past tense, ""It was really tiring."""
"Now, it may have made sense in the context of the conversation because someone was telling you a story, and then later on they're talking about how they feel, but when it's all cut together, people are going to be slipping back and forth through different tenses."
So you want to have a consistent tense usage.
I prefer to always have people speak in the present tense.
"That just lends to more consistency, because someone can tell a story in the present tense."
Jokes are usually told in the present tense.
"You say, ""So a guy goes for a walk,"" not A guy was going for a walk"", and that way, everything is more consistent overall."
"Speaking in the present tense also helps draw the viewer into the story, because if someone is speaking in the present tense then the viewer feels like it's happening as the story is told, whereas if something is told in the past tense, well then, it's old news."
Hi!
I'm Robin with trees-mom.com.
"It might not be the proper way to hold a crochet hook, but it works well for crocheting wire, which is a lot different than crocheting yarn."
"Just always remember to keep the hook part towards you and to keep the crochet hook horizontal with the floor, and you shouldn't have any problems with holding your crochet hook."
We're crocheting wire to make a Christmas bracelet.
"On your crochet hook, if you've never crocheted before, you need to remember to hold the crochet hook parallel to your body, horizontal to the floor."
The hook part is always towards you.
Your thumb will go on the little part that's indented and your fingers just wrap around the crochet hook.
You just hold it just like this.
Sort of like you might hold a spoon or a fork.
This is the way I do it.
"In this segment, we're going to learn a little bit about our bindings, the things that hold your feet to your board."
They?re pretty important.
"If you strap them in too loose, you?re not going to have a good connection with your snowboard."
It's not going to respond to your actions.
"So, you want to go ahead and make sure they're in there solid."
And that's how you strap on a binding.
You want a good relationship with them.
This here is their highback.
This would be your heel strap and toe strap.
These are your ladders.
"To strap in, simply put your foot inside the binding."
Connect the ratchet to the ladder and strap it down.
"You want a good amount of pressure on both of them so they're really holding your binding, your foot to the binding."
You don't want any loose movement.
"Pandering is not the answer, but how do you compliment a man who catches your eye?"
"You want to do that, I'm sure."
Of course he does.
Maybe he has something on his shirt.
A university that he went to.
Did you go to Notre Dame?
I went there for a football game once.
A compliment.
That's a compliment in a subtle.
"Direct compliments can be fine--again, they have to be sincere."
"Make certain that when you make that compliment, it's also one that can be taken in a different way--a slant to it."
What do you think of that Notre Dame football team?
"This is Dr. Paul, author of Boomer Girls."
And he's on.
He's there.
And what you want to do--you want to open the conversation.
That's what a compliment is all about.
He caught your eye.
Give him a compliment.
This is Dr. Paul.
May your fantasies of today be your realities of tomorrow.
And the key to that is sincerity.
Everyone finds a phony not to their liking.
You want to make certain that compliment you give that man is real and right on.
A lot of times it's pretty easy.
"You can say, I saw you drive up in that car."
It looks like you keep it really clean.
The guy will love that.
"Depending on how soft the rubber is on your tire and and how much rubber you have on the sidewall, your tires can wear out from anywhere from a thousand miles to two or three thousand miles."
You don't need to use an odometer and keep track of every mile that you ride.
"But if we compare that to the tire that I have on the rear of my bike, we're going to see a lot more prominent wear."
The first thing that I notice is the threads are starting to become apparent on the sidewall here.
"And then when I sight the tire from the top, I see that it's got some flat spots in it; which is a good sign of wear."
"And when a tire gets a flat spot like that, it starts to steer a little bit oddly."
"And then now when I look real closely at the tread, I see that I've got a lot more rock drilling and thin spots on the rubber that I do on the other tire."
You can simply look at your tire.
The tire that I have here on the front of my bike that is in my left hand right now is still really usable.
"IF you hold it up and spin it, you still that it's still nice and round across the top."
It doesn?t have any flat spots or anything.
And when you get close and look at it again you see that it doesn't have any real big holes from rock drilling or anything like that.
And the other thing that you do is you check the sidewall.
And you want to make sure that you don't see any places where it is threadbare or the tube is poking out or anything like that.
"You can see this tire has seen some use, and has been nicked with some outdoor conditions because it's faded here on the hot patch."
"My name is Anthony Maddaloni, I am a professional photographer from Austin, Texas."
I am going to talk about tripods.
It's got three legs and folds down.
Here it extends and locks.
I like tripods like this because they don't have the locks on them.
"I found that some tripods I have that have the locks, they strip."
This just screws in and locks.
"But that's me, it's what I prefer."
Other people like the other kind.
This is the head of the tripod.
It tilts like this and like this.
This is a very basic tripod.
This is my tripod.
"A lot of tripods, the more professional kinds have levels on them."
So you would actually have a spirit level built into the tripod to make sure that you're level when you're focusing.
This is a pretty important factor.
I tend to use a level on my cameras.
I have a small level that I put on.
It's just easier for me to work that way.
There's no better or worse.
"I do have tripods that have levels in them and they are, when I'm photographing architecture, extremely necessary for me to have."
Right here is where your camera will screw into.
And again you just want to place it.
I've had it for many many years.
You don't want to put your camera into a tripod too tight.
I have seen people put them on so tight that it's really hard to get them off.
"So don't go crazy, you just want to screw that in."
"Some tripods also have what's called a speed mount, meaning that you can put it on your tripod and take it off very quickly."
"This one doesn't, but again I like it because it's just so simple and so easy for me to use."
And this is a tripod.
"It is a very sturdy, trusty tripod."
"One thing I like about it, it is heavy and it is very very sturdy."
And pretty easy to bring around with me.
"The first thing you can see, when it's collapsed, it's about two and a half feet in length."
It's not really long and it's easy to carry.
That's one thing that I do like about it.
"While we're talking about mixing or singly, that brings us to tip number three: pre-made or design your own signature scents."
"Many brands nowadays, most notable Joe Malone, tend to sell their perfume in single scent notes, or single scent oils."
"The advantage to this kind of perfume over a simple regular pre-blended perfume which is pre-made and often goes under a designer label, is that with a single note scent you can mix up to seven of these scents on your body to determine your own personal signature scent."
"Your own opinion may change from day to day of what you like best, so having the option to design your own gives you the greatest freedom and flexibility in choosing a perfume that's for you and you alone."
"If you buy several of these scents, you can mix them in different combinations on different days and for day and night and each time you'll get a slightly different scent."
"Whereas if you buy a single pre-made designer scent, you're always going to end up with the same scent."
"So we have our yummy bacon, I'm taking it to our cast iron grill which is kind of smoking right now, which is the way I want it."
"This really brings me home because it's cast iron, it's grandma's, it's a variation on a traditional dish that I grew up with."
"She had her own big garden, chickens running around, it was amazing."
It starting me on my culinary journey.
looking at this job takes me right back to it.
"As you can see our bacon is starting to crisp up nicely, it's going to give a lot of nice flavor to our meat."
"I want to turn my flame down to about a medium flame, you don't want the bacon to burn."
"""You don't want the pork fat to burn"" as my grandmother would say."
If this was my grandmother she wouldn't be using bacon she would be using lard and fat back which is something that I use sometimes but bacon seems to be a lot more convenient.
It's got the nice smoky flavor.
My grandmother had a farm in Wisconsin.
"When ever she got bacon, it was from the pig, smoked there, no preservatives, no bad stuff in it."
"All the meat was definitely big, it was half the size of a cow."
I grew up really having a wonderful experience with food.
"Hi, I'm Jason, previous Mac Genius, and today we're going to talk about how to switch users on a Mac."
"And what we need to do to start this is to add a user, which is always a good idea for troubleshooting."
We're going to create this account and we're going to turn automatic log in off.
This doesn't really matter.
You can change this setting later.
I'm going to turn it off.
And so now you can see here we've got Tim and Bing Hough.
And if you want to switch between these two what we need to do is click on the log in options here and enable fast user switching.
"You're going to get this warning, this feature will allow other users to stay logged in and continue running software in the background while you're using this computer."
"This is okay, like it says here, use this if you trust people, family members, things like that."
So I'm going to say okay.
"Then, you'll notice up here, we've got these two log in screens there."
A lot of Geniuses will talk about this as a troubleshooting thing as well.
"So I'm going to switch to Tim and it's going to ask us for Tim's password, which is Tim, and we're going to log in and you're going to get that beautifully revolving thing."
"Hopefully, your screen catcher is still working and right now it's giving us basic systems for Tim."
"And I'm going to go back up here, and go back to my original."
We're going to go back into Tim and what we need to do if we want to get rid of Tim's account is we need to log him out.
"So the switch is over here, so here is Tim's screen and it gives you basically every sets on your system, preferences and everything like that for a new user."
"And we're going to log Tim out because we want to throw, get rid of his account."
"And so, we're going to log in here."
Okay.
Now we can select Tim and we can subtract him.
Delete immediately?
So we're going to go on to our system preferences.
Yes.
"And you can set parameters and parental controls for each of the accounts you have as well, so that's always a good thing to keep in mind if you've got younger children on the computer."
"I'm Jason, previous Mac Genius, and I will speak with you later."
Bye.
We're going to click on accounts to make changes right here.
So I'm going to click on this and I'm going to put in the system admin password and that's going to unlock us.
And I want to add a user so I'm going to add Tim.
"It's going to come up with the short name automatically, which you can change if you'd like to."
We're going to leave that and we're going to change Tim's password to Tim.
"Verify that, Tim, and then we'll just say name and this can be anything you want."
There are two ways of removing paint before it dries.
"One way is to go back with a brush, and just remove paint in the brush, because the brush will put paint down, and it will also remove paint."
"Another way to remove paint is to have a paper towel ready, and blot the paint out."
"If you're working with small areas, you'll want to twist the paper towel, and dab it in the areas you want to remove the paint from, but you have to do this before it dries."
It only takes a few minutes to dry.
"If the paint is already dry, what you'll have to do is wet the area, like this."
"Then you may have to leave it for a few minutes so it will soak in, and then you can blot it."
You see where I've blotted; it's removed paint.
"In a lot of cases, you can't remove the paint entirely; it's just impossible, but you can get some of it out."
"Hi I'm HarveyWhittier I'm the owner of Perfect Tan here in Orem, Utah. We are a full service tanning salon. We have twenty different tanning beds and an automated spray tan system."
I've been asked before does hair spray make you tan faster.
And in reality yes you can use hairspray and it does help develop your tan but I wouldn't recommend it.
The possibility of outside using it you could but remember it doesn't have any sunscreen in it and the chances are you are going to get burned.
Secondly it's going to be very sticky.
Inside a tanning salon we have these acrylics that you lay on and it will damage the acrylics and so we don't allow anything into a tanning salon that's not been approved for indoor tanning.
So it has to say approved for indoor tanning before we let any of our clients use any other kind of product.
"So hairspray definitely not, I wouldn't recommend it. Would it help, possibility but definitely I don't know if I would recommend that as part of your tanning process."
"Hi, I'm Ken Kashabura, personal trainer and free lance fitness writer, and this is how to duck walk."
"What you do whenever you are trying to do your duck walk, is you want to start with your feet shoulder width apart."
"But if you do not have any pre-existing knee injuries, duck walks are fine."
I'm Ken Kashabura and that's how to duck walk.
"With your feet shoulder width apart, you're going to squat down nice and deep."
"When you take your first step, you're going to step forward, and you want to get that front foot flat on the floor, and your back foot is going to be on the toe."
"And then you're going to continue from there, one foot after the other, with the front foot being flat on the floor."
"Now what you want to do as well, with your arms, is you want to take your arms and you want to get 'em from your ear to the side of your hip, and keep 'em in tight."
"And you're going, each step, the opposite arm is coming with you, just like...just like you're running."
"So if you're running, it's the same hand motion, okay?"
"Duck walks are good for sprinting, to help with the flexibility in there, and they're also good for wrestling if you're trying to do the shoot, take your opponent down, then you'll be able to have the flexibility and still maintain strength during the flexibility while you're reaching for your shoot."
"A lot of times people say that duck walking is bad for your knees, and if you have pre-existing knee injuries, then yes, you probably shouldn't do duck walks."
We're creating gift baskets and this theme is about chocolate.
So let me put that in.
Barney's always has a good selection of hot chocolate and flavors.
"Here's a French vanilla and gingerbread, and they can go in."
"And I think it's fun putting together things that compliment as well as just other things that you know the person would like, for example, here's an original maple syrup and that's good for somebody with a sweet tooth so we thought we'd put that in."
Here's another flavor that compliments chocolate really well and I found these key lime cookies in Roth's as well.
"Sometimes in the stores in the Keys in Florida, you'll find these."
Key lime goes really well with chocolate.
Then I found one of these festive tins and that's really neat and they can be reused as well.
"In here, I put a lot of the Lyndore chocolates and they're really good because they're already individually wrapped and there's a variety of flavors too, white and milk and dark chocolate so that's neat and I put a lot of them in here and then as well, I saved some out so that we can just toss them over at the end and that will look pretty."
"Then not only for kids, but sometimes adults like little characters as well and here's another flavor that compliments chocolate as well, peppermint."
I've put together a bunch of different items as we'll call recipes to go into the basket.
So we'll put her in there.
"Then we found of course, Cadbury's."
You couldn't have a chocolate basket without something from Cadbury's.
We found another hot chocolate mix and we'll put that in.
"And of course we've got our festive mug to go, put our hot chocolate in, it's an elephant, he's kind of cute."
And a piesta resistance is Godiva liquor.
"They've got different flavors as well, milk chocolate, dark chocolate and white."
I've chosen dark for this one.
So there we have different ideas of things you can put together for your chocolate theme.
We'll get together in the next segment and we'll see how to put them all together.
What we've done is we've put together things that have to do with chocolate or that will compliment chocolate.
Catch up with you.
You don't always have to stick to everything chocolate.
"But to start with, we found a really neat chocolate lovers cookbook and we thought that would be a lot of fun because there will be all kinds of recipes in there to play with."
Then we thought we'd put together some hot chocolate ideas.
Here's a group of three and this one is really neat.
Peppermint as well as the other flavors and that's kind of different.
"You'll find that stores like Roth's and TJ Maxx as well as a World Market, if you have one of those in your neighborhood; they've usually got a lot of good selections of things from all over the world so you get some good ideas in there."
Today we'll try to break a board.
Next step is positioning the body for it.
"Our position for the next break which will be a fist, one board fist, is walking stance, which is about shoulder with a distance from the board."
You have to be able to go--move to the board and you have to be able to strike in a smooth movement.
Our next move in board breaking: to position the board properly and to be able to break with a clean cut.
Okay?
"Our next move, basically, coming down and take a look at the board."
Okay?
"Because it's a pine board, we have grains going down on the board and if you try to have those grains line up in a way, if you're doing a knife hand or you're doing a fist, it's lined up horizontally compared to our fist."
"Our next step should be, make sure that the bricks are distanced proportionately."
There should be about half an inch cover on that board.
Okay?
So you're looking for a new hair style.
Your hair may be short or fine.
And as you can see I've already attached it to the base hair extension that I'm going to use.
"So now what I'm going to do is place it right on the braid, go under the braid, and through the top of the hair extension here."
"Go ahead and use your thread to create a knot, pull your needle all the way through, and boom you first attached your hair."
"So would simple create this all the way across the hair, remembering to take your time."
"And remember, this is something that may be time consuming, so you'll want to make sure that you have plenty of time to finish."
"It's something that is not the easiest to do yourself at home, you may want to check with your local professional who can give you a beautiful sew in hair extension."
"My name is Sylvia Russell, and this is how you can sew in hair extensions."
And you want to sew in some hair extensions.
"Well my name is Sylvia Russell, and this is how you sew in hair extensions."
"So I have my hair, I've picked it curly and dark so that you can see the contrast between the light and the dark."
You can actually see how it's done.
You've got to first put a braid at the back of your hair.
This is the most conventional way to sew in hair extensions.
"Once you've created your base of a braid, you can begin your hair extensions."
Now you're going to use a needle and thread like I have here.
So another neat thing about stained glass is that really all you are doing is sticking pieces of glass together the way that you want to.
There is a lot of creativity that you can explore by using different kinds of glass.
For example there is no reason you cant find an old mirror and cut it up into pieces that kind of get integrated into your design because a mirror is about the same thickness as the glass that we use in stained glass and you can prepare those pieces of mirror with lead cane or with copper foil and integrate little pieces of mirror into your design.
"You can even, you can buy a type of glass that is called beveled glass, this is generally a clear glass but it has a nice cut bevel to the edges so that is almost looks like little gems, kind of like crystals or diamonds they have kind of a texture to them."
"I like using these glass, kind of these melted glass marbles and you can get these in all kinds of craft stores."
"It is important that you do use glass and not plastic or some other material but these are cool, I mean you can incorporate these into your designs as things like, I dont know the centers of flowers or you can make eyeballs out of them, or I like using them as, kind of these soft white ones, I have used them as bubbles in kind of a aquatic stained glass I did once with kind of a fish and so again if they are made out of glass, anything that is made out of glass, you know if you want to try to integrate it into a stained glass panel you usually can."
"Okay we have our pasta boiling, we have our sauce, we just added the mushrooms too together."
"But these are just perfect for this, so you just go ahead and grab it again, take that top part off and just pull it right out."
"See the legs and all of that come out, dont be squeamish about this, this is real easy and your reward is wonderful."
"So, and again, well want to rinse these once were done but see how this just pulls right out, just by grasping the tail, sort of like a handle."
"So what we want to do is probably about five or six, of these per person, at about this size, this is probably about a, what they call a thirty-one to thirty-five count shrimp, which means there is thirty-one to thirty-five shrimp per pound."
And now were going to show you how were going to peel our beautiful shrimp.
"Now these are called Gulf Pink Shrimp, so they come from the Gulf of Mexico."
"I prefer these over the ones from Thailand, Tiger Shrimp, but thats just my own taste, you can do it."
"So what you want to do is you can see the shells on these are very, very light."
"So go ahead and take that first part off and just pull them right out, just like that."
"Sometimes, with these sizes of shrimp you wont really find a mud vein too much in the, the back of them."
"Dont worry if you, if you get the bigger shrimp, sometimes they do."
"All you need to do is just run the blade of the knife around the back, and just pull it right out and just rinse it and youll be fine."
Today I would be talking about how to tack up a horse.
So it is even on both sides of his back.
Next we would be putting on the saddle pad and the back pad.
Not everyone uses a back pad and we would start with just the saddle pad.
So you know that the front is a front cause it has a strap for the girth to go through and a strap that attaches to the gullet of the saddle.
"So we are going to put this on and it should come up to half of his withers, in the middle of his withers."
There is a 2 example of basic back pads; it is just a fleece general supporting protecting pad.
This is for raising up the back of your saddle to give it a better fit.
So today we are just going to use this basic fleece back pad.
You just want to line it up so that the back pad does not go any further then the saddle pad and that it is lined up evenly with this side.
"One of the last things that you can do if you had a weekend thing you can go to church together this is a great time to go especially if it is the home church that the children grow up in and they can take there children and say hey this is where mom and dad grew up, this is where I took communion."
A lot of times like in ours it was a small town so I took my children and we did a we sang those old hems that a lot of kids aren't use to now because maybe they go to church with a contemporary Christian music and they have the old Legged Cross and In the Garden and all those Amazing Grace and all those old hems and that was great.
This year on our family reunion a lot of them where not going to be able to attend on Sunday so we had a concert on Friday night that my daughter did at the church and a lot of them went and heard her sing.
Some have never heard her sing so that was a great idea.
So church is kind of a neat way to end up or you can have your own church service if you are out in the country.
"If you go to church and do that it is made that usually you have somebody who is probably one of your spiritual people in your family can give it, you can sing the hems together and that is a really neat thing also."
In this segment we're going to be talking about jump roping and how jump roping is effective for boxing and how boxing is affected by jump roping.
We're going to be talking about the different types of jump ropes.
"So as we expand upon the different clips, we're going to mention more detail on the jump roping."
We're going to talk about plastic speed ropes.
We're going to be talking about some heavier leather jump ropes with the way it handles.
We're going to be talking about how to determine the length of the jump rope that you would need.
We're going to cover a little bit about the actual proper footwear to wear for jump roping.
We're going to be talking about some basic moves for jump roping and we're going to have one of our boxing students show you the basic moves and also some of the more advanced moves.
Some of the other things we're going to be covering are the different constructions of the jump ropes themselves and how to adjust them if you need to adjust them.
"The place of the jump rope, you should be jumping like on a jump rope mat for instance or in the mat in the ring."
You should try to stay off concrete for instance and things like that.
"Now, I am going to show you how to give a prep beat for the ensemble to come in on beat four."
"In this way, you would show beat three, that is the beat right before and they would come in on beat four."
"So, on a four-four pattern, beat three is right here."
"Four, one, two, three, four."
Let us try that again.
"Four, one, two, three, four."
"So very often the clue is so vague that it could be several words, and once you've got some letters in the word already then it narrows down the possibilities."
"Or even, just having a letter or two for a word will give you a hint as to what the word is."
"You'll think, ""Oh!"
Of course!
"I didn't think of that,"" but I already got say the T and the O in there, and that will lead me to the next word."
"I might come to the down clues, now since I already have a word in at one across, I've got the beginning letters for four clues."
"And, number one down, kernel, three letters beginning with N, is of course, a nut."
"Number two down, a four letter word, magnets attracted."
"We see it begins with an I, gives us a good clue that the word is going to be iron."
"Hi, I'm J.K. Dooley and I'm a professional artist and we're talking a little bit now about paper choices. When you have your Giclee reproduction printed, you can always choose paper to print on."
One of the advantages of paper is it's pretty simple to work with; most people are used to paper.
"It's a little fragile sometimes, like anything else you have to be careful."
"Sometimes it can be very susceptible to picking up oil from your fingers or anything like that, so you have to take some care when you're working with paper as well."
So that is your breaking pliers and in the next clip I am going to talk about the other pliers which are used for grozing.
It just kind of scores the glass with a thin crack and then you have to break that glass in a controlled manner.
"There is a few ways to do it, you can do it with your hands, you can do it on the table, we will go through some of those methods."
"One way to do it is with pliers, now, so one of the sets of pliers that you get should be a set of breaking, glass breaking pliers and if you go to a stained glass supply store you will be able to find some."
"What they, the thing that makes them breaking pliers is if you look at tip, see how the tip comes together at an angle?"
"Right, the tip is not, the two sides of the pliers don't come together parallel, or come together flat, they come together at an angle."
"Furthermore, this particular set of pliers I like has kind of this sort of rubber kind of shoe, this kind of protective rubber, kind of on top of the metal which allows you to get a firm grip but it still provides a little bit of kind of protection of digging into that glass or maybe cracking that glass even more."
"So you don't need to have those, that sort of rubber housing on the tips but I like it."
"And in this particular set of breaking pliers, it also has a stop screw here where, depending on where you set it you can, so if I have it in all the way, you see it kind of goes kind of through there, now my pliers won't close any more than that, so that can be helpful if you are working with glass of different thickness, you just sort of put your glass in there and then turn this until it tightens up so no matter how much you squeeze you are not going to be putting any more pressure on the glass but you can imagine if I have the glass scored and you know I have it in like this, I don't need a lot of pressure all I really need to do is just kind of bend down and if there is any kind of a score line there my glass will break and we are going to go through that technique so don't worry about it just yet."
One typical problem I see with plants is that a lot of people come and water their water.
They water on top and they get the leaves all wet and they think that the plant is happy.
So we could turn this plant around and give it some good treatment.
"We stop wetting its leaves so if this were my plant, I would really try hard to water from the side and not get the leaves wet so that would be the best method."
You are not doing any favors by getting the whole plant wet.
You can see that this plant is really not happy.
I think a couple of things are happening in here.
"It could be over watered but these burn marks, this is from watering and the water sits on the leaf for a long time and it acts as a magnifying glass in it."
It burns the leaves.
"If I take off these leaves, you know the plant would probably be okay but it's not pretty like that so we will try to encourage some new growth."
"What I would suggest to do is water the plant in the morning because that gives the plant plenty of time to dry out the leaves before the sun comes out at noon, between noon and 2:00 so this wouldn't happen."
"Also, I see with this plant another thing you could do is dis bud all these flowers because the more you pull these off, the more you are going to encourage it to bloom."
This is a streptocarpella by the way that looks pretty terrible but it is really quite beautiful.
Hi!
This Lindsay Colbus from Lindsay Colbus Accessories.
Not only are we going to look at examples of how to dress for a hot Saturday night date or a hot Friday night date.
"I'm going to try to show you how one outfit can actually get you through the work day, and still get you to wherever you may be meeting your date in one outfit so you don't have to change."
You don't have to go through the stress of packing a bag and taking it to work with you.
I'm going to eventually show you several examples of what to wear and what not to wear on this first date.
I also quickly want to talk about what day of the week that you're going on a date.
Some dates might occur after the workday.
A 6 o'clock date on a weekday.
"Other dates might be on a Friday or a Saturday night, or even like a Sunday football date at a bar."
There are so many different variations.
I'm going to try to show you how you can wear something to work and transition that same outfit into an appropriate date for after work.
"Hi, this is Liz Muller, from Liz's Hair Design in Hollywood, Florida."
In this clip we're going to talk about how to choose a shampoo.
"Now, there's different types of shampoo's out there and you want to go ahead and look at the type of hair that you have."
"If you have fine hair and it's limp and really soft, maybe you want to get a shampoo that adds body and shine, there's many out there."
"If you have, actually, hair that's course, curly, you might want to choose, here's one, Semi De Lino Shampoo."
"Here's one too Midollo, Alfaparf Shampoo and these shampoo's are great for curly hair, to strengthen the hair."
"Maybe your hair is damaged and dry, there's stuff by Framesi, out there, that has conditioners inside the shampoo that makes the hair real soft and shiny."
"So, you want to choose direct shampoo, depending on the quality of your hair, the texture of their hair and the kind of hair that you have."
This isLiz Muller and this is how to choose the right shampoo.
"Once again, in this clip, we are going to be hooping in the opposite direction, a very challenging thing to do."
Make sure that you give yourself some extra good energy when trying this.
Bend your knees and start rocking slightly back and forth.
Close your eyes and really feel the hoop moving around your body.
Notice when it presses into your front right hip and into your back.
"When the hoop presses against the right hip, slowly start to turn to your right."
Then you can either pivot on one foot or you can step with both feet.
Kind of back and forth.
"As you can see, I'm shifting the weight from right to left."
"If the hoop starts to fall, really give it a kick with that right hip to keep it going."
"Once again, turning."
You can shift your weight.
"I hoop to the left, so now I'm going to try it to the right."
Make sure you're conscious of your arms.
It's real easy to do funny things with your arms in the hoop.
"As you're turning, pushing into the hoop, let's try turning in the opposite direction."
Hopefully I can do this.
It might be kind of funny.
"Once again, if it starts to fall, really give it that kick."
Keep it going again.
"Alright, let's try that one more time."
Hooping in the opposite.
"Actually, turning in the opposite direction."
Spin the hoop to the left and off to the right.
"Like I said, it's going to feel like you're in a blender."
That'll be a little bit easier.
Flowing with the hoop.
"It if starts to fall, give it that nice kick to keep it going."
Turning away from the hoop and turning with the hoop.
"The faster you turn, the more the hoop will float."
"The slower you turn, the more you can guide it with the hips."
"Once again, try lifting up onto the toes."
"Lifting up, lifting up, coming down."
This side is going to be a little strange.
Here we go.
Take your time.
Have fun with it.
Be patient with yourself.
You can do it.
"When Hannah was doing it, one foot was in front of the other, kind of rocking back and forth."
"That's a great way to get the momentum of the hoop going, but now we want to make it look a little bit cooler."
Let's take the feet hip width distance apart.
"Actually, my hips aren't that wide."
A little bit further apart than hip width.
"Hi, I'm Kerri and I'm at Zebra in Berkeley."
I'm here to talk about treating a tongue piercing infection.
Tongue piercing infections are rare.
Tongue piercings are the fastest-healing piercing in your body because it's the most important to your body.
"When they do get infected, it's bad."
Really bad.
"The signs of a tongue infection is extreme discoloration and coating of the tongue, sometimes in a yellow or greenish color."
You will also see pus coming out of the entry and exit holes of the tongue.
"Tongue piercings are very dangerous when they do get infected, and so I'm not even going to give any other option except for to go see a doctor."
"If you're not sure if your piercing is infected or not, please visit your local professional body piercer and they will be able to tell you if it is truly infected or just going through the normal healing process."
"Another material that we use quite often when mono is likely to fail is wire leader, straight single stranded wire leader."
Now this is used primarily when you are catching mackerel or king fish or toothy critters that are going to chew through the filament.
It is vital at this point to have the wire leader.
"Now a lot of the wire leaders we use when we are trolling for king fish using spoons or live bait in conjunction with treble hooks, you have got to have the wire leader because all they have got to do is just nip at it and it breaks."
Now the wire leader needs to be actually twisted.
"You can't use sleeves or any type of connection, basically just twist it and make what is known as a hay wire twist and put our hook or spoon on and make this hay wire twist almost like an electrician's twist and we follow it up with a barrel twist and then we make a little handle and go back and forth until we break the little tab end off and you are in business."
"When I teach people how to taste wine, I approach the step of wine aromas by asking them t pick up the glass, very quickly bring it up to their nose, putting their nose down into it, taking a nice deep inhale, putting the glass down, and thinking about what they smelled; kind of like this."
"Usually people look confused, and I have to draw it out of them."
"I say, what do you smell, what do you smell?"
"Sometimes they say; well Miss Jane, I smell alcohol, or I smell wood, or I smell fruit, or spice, and I say; okay, thank you very much, but what do you really want to say?"
"Eventually somebody will say; Miss Jane, I'm sorry, but it smells like wine; and I say thank you very much, and I give that person a round of applause, because they're right."
"What I asked them to do by just picking up the glass and putting their nose in it, and smelling, was just to get the initial impression of the smell of a wine, or the wine's primary or first aroma, and a wine's primary or first aroma will be; smells like wine."
"They don't pay us Sommeliers to walk around saying smells like wine, so we made up a word for that, and the word for a wine's primary aroma; (smells like wine) is vinosity."
"It has vinosity, or it is vinos; smells like wine; that's the way it should be."
"After that, you can use some more intensified wine smelling techniques to bring out all the other aromas and bouquets in a wine, but the first smell will always be, smells like wine."
"And also, you incorporate air inside that flour, and that air gives it space, therefore it will mix much better inside the dough that you're trying to prepare."
"So, we just just pour the flour in there."
"Now, because this flour is arrogated, and it's sitting on top of the big chunk of butter and sugar, well, it has a tendency to just come out and be thrown out a bit."
"So, expect a cloud there."
"Because of that we turn off and on the oven, I mean the mixer."
We turn the mixer off and on constantly until the flour is kind of mixed in there so it will then be thrown all over the place.
This is the most important and most critical point of cookie making.
"As soon as the flour is incorporated, the minute the flour gets inside of that mixture that you had in there, you want to stop the mixing process."
"You want to stop the mixing process, otherwise you have over-mixed."
"And if you over-mix, this step took only two minutes."
"Maybe minute and a half, two minutes."
"If you over-mix, as I mentioned before, you're going to incorporate air into your cookie dough and the cookie dough will run all over the place."
"So, as some of the flour is inside your mixture of butter and your sugar and your eggs, you're ready to put your mixer on the off position and get the other ingredients, which is chocolate chips, inside your dough."
You don't want to throw a flour that is caked in there because it won't mix properly.
"So, we sift it to get all of the hard stuff out of it if, if there is any hard stuff."
"Normally, there is none."
Hi!
I'm Kelli.
"Some of the other foundations out there, which I don't have with me today."
You can choose like a cream to powder foundation or even a mineral foundation works really well for all skins and all people.
"It depends on what kind of coverage you want, what your skin's like, what kind of feel, or what kind of texture you like on your face."
"Whether you're wanting more of a natural product, such as a mineral makeup or you really like the liquid foundation, or what you're more comfortable with."
Those are some different options you have when you're trying to choose the foundation that's right for you.
"When you're choosing a foundation, you of course want to choose a type of foundation that you're going to be the most comfortable with."
Be it a powder foundation.
"These usually will work well for people who first of all, want a quick application."
"Second of all, if you're a little more on the oily side, sometimes these work a little bit better for you than say a dry skin person."
You can also choose from a liquid foundation.
There's many different types of liquid foundations based on whether you're dry or you're oily or what kind of coverage you like.
There is a very wide variety of things that you can choose from.
"I like to do it whenever I get a chance, basically once a month I like to come out and put the gauge on there, visually check them."
"I give it a once over every day just walk by, make sure the profile of the tire looks good, it's not down on air, ready to ride."
This is your MS marking on your tire for mud and snow and all season.
It's a radial tire.
We'll do that on all four tires.
Today we would be talking about table coverings in particular a table runner.
Other table coverings that you might use might be a pleated tablecloth that might have pleats in the corners or one simple pleat in the side.
Many different choses but the one that we would be working on today is a simple table runner with fringe on the edges.
There is a number of table coverings that you might like to make for decorative purpose.
A table such this large table here in front of me you might chose to just make a table cloth and trim the edge with fringe or just simple turn the edges under.
You can use a tablecloth as well as a table runner like the one that we would be making today.
There is a number of good patterns ideas that you can get from your local fabric store.
They have many ideas and suggestions on how to make table runners.
But this one was a good one that gave me some ideas for the one that I would be doing today.
"I would be using some coordinated fabric, different patterns but similar color schemes an other options that you might want to consider are gingham, floral, many different colors that work well together."
Different types of trim that would also make a beautiful runner.
Hi my name is Lauren and I am here to discuss how to make your hair grow straight.
Unfortunately there is no way to actually make your hair grow out of your scalp straight.
If you have naturally curly or wavy hair what that is is due to the protein bonds that your hair is actually made out of.
Curly hair or wavy hair has more of a disulfide bond which is the way that the proteins are actually bonded together.
It creates that natural wave or curl within your hair.
There is nothing that you can actually do internally and make your hair not curly and have it grow out straight.
Going to talk about companionship during ice fishing.
"Whether it's your first time ice fishing or your fiftieth time ice fishing, it's always good to fish with someone."
"Not only for companionship, or if it's your first time fishing to kind of show you the ropes but when you're ice fishing, you're typically hauling a lot of gear, you've got to cut holes in the ice, you've got to bait tip ups, you've got hopefully clean fish at the end of the day so there's a lot of work that goes into it."
"Having someone with you is great because it allows extra hands to help with all the work, it's also very important from a safety aspect."
"As I mentioned, safety is one of the most important things about ice fishing."
"When you're ice fishing, and you're drilling holes with augers such as this that have very sharp blades, doesn't always happen but you have to be careful, if you were to cut your finger or your leg on these, slip on one and fall on very glare ice conditions like we have here today, fall through the ice, anything like that, very important to have someone fishing with you."
Lands are the foundation of your deck.
"They provide all of the manna, or most of the manna that you use to cast spells to win."
"Instead of saying tap add one green to your manna pool, it only has the green manna symbol."
It's understood that this can be tapped to add a green manna to your manna pool.
This is far more simpler still.
"It just says forest and has a picture that takes up nearly the entire forest, nearly the entire card."
All three of these cards are identical in terms of game play value.
The same would be true with any other of the five types.
"These three cards are all forests, indicated by the forest at the top of the card."
"The name of the card is forest, and that implies certain things about it."
This is an old revised edition of forest.
"This is land halfway between the picture and the text box, and it has a t tilted and a colon, add one green manna to your manna pool."
This is a much more recent forest from the Lorwyn expansion set.
"And it says basic land, dash forest which is like saying that it's a land with the name forest."
But it's much more specific.
"As the sets have progressed, the way the cards are templated has become much more refined."
"In this series, there is going to be clips involving working the heavy bag."
"As part of the introduction, what I want to stress is to actually wear a lot of protection."
"Then come back again to the heavy bag, this time concentrate on speed."
"Don't worry about your power, don't worry about getting everything perfect, just snap off a lot of punches."
Maybe wear the punch mitts and actually get a good count on a number of punches.
"So, a little bit later, we're going to be discussing all the different moves on a heavy bag, and exactly what we need to do."
"You should always wrap your hands first, there's also little slip-wrap covers you can wear if you don't want to do the actual wrapping."
"And then, a good pair of bag gloves also."
"The other thing I want to stress is: don't think you need to spend ten or fifteen minutes at a time on one bag, just hitting that same bag over and over again."
What I like to see is approximately nine rounds per night on the heavy bag.
"But what I like to see is have the boxer do three rounds with a normal speed and power and then go do something else, speed bag or something, and then come back to the heavy bag again."
"This time concentrating on power, maybe using a heavier bag."
Don't worry about the speed part - just on power.
"And then, go do something else, double-end bag maybe."
"Another, more natural option for your Easter basket grass is to get a paper product grass."
"Basically, what this is is a paper product, usually a very thin paper, which then is sliced up, and you can see you have a type of grass."
"Any which way, you have this, you slice it up with a scissors, and then that's very easy to do."
You have your natural Easter grass.
"Now, this is not real grass, but you're getting closer to the real thing than plastic grass, certainly."
So this is a more natural environmental option for your Easter basket.
"But keep in mind, just because it looks a little more nature friendly, and some of these things you can certainly recycle; not necessarily always the best thing for the environment still."
And what do I mean by this?
"I mean that oftentimes there's processing, and dyes, and all sorts of things."
"They can still go into this grass, so if you're really worried, and you want to help out the environment, the easiest way to do it is make your own grass."
"Have like a basic piece of paper, a white piece of paper; no problem at all."
"You can also get like a dyed construction paper, if you want to."
SHANAY NORVELL: Jabs and punches are great because they immediately engage your upper body.
"It's going to be shoulders, chest, triceps and biceps."
And let's take it to the other side 8-7-6-5-4-3-2 and 1.
"One final combination it'll be a punch and a jab, a punch and a jab two more, and one."
"Then the other side a jab, a punch, jab, punch, two more and one."
Those are jabs and punch.
We're going to up the [INDISCERNIBLE] on that by adding in weights.
I'm going to grab fives because this is going to be a cardiovascular workout as well as a strengthening workout.
"Let's go into a squat position so soften your knees, put your hips back, arms are up, you're going to go cross the body, front in a jab position."
"You don't want to stretch your arms to a hundred percent straight, just about 90%."
"So you going to keep that going, exhale as you push out, inhale as you come in."
"Pause, and then take a punch which is going to go across your body turning the knee right and left, exhale every time you go out."
And now we're going to change it and hold and just jab to one side so the other arm is up as if you were blocking your face.
"About five more, 4-3-2 and 1."
"My name is Anthony Maddaloni, and I'm going to be talking about how to start a photography business."
"Now one thing about starting a photography business is that you want to really, seriously consider what you're doing."
"But if there's a way that you can make them minimal, such as buying equipment that maybe has been used, or equipment that is on sale because newer technologies have come out, but you could still use that type of equipment for the genre of photography business that you start."
So those are some aspects that you want to look at it.
I really frown upon going out and spending a large amount of money on the biggest and the best new equipment to start a business that you've never done before.
"I can, I can't think of a bigger mistake a person can potentially make."
"So really, start out extremely small, take on photography jobs that are really making you a profit of, you know, not so much at first, just enough to almost break even, and then start building upon that and building upon your client base."
And this goes for any type of photography.
"The more specific you are, the chances of you making are it are better."
"If you start a photography business specifically aimed at a certain clientele, or a certain demographic, your chances are better than just starting a photography business where you do everything from weddings, to bar mitzvahs, to baseball, to soccer, when you're all over the place, there's nothing you can really concentrate on to being the best at that in your area."
"People are going to go to you when you're the only person that does certain type of events, or photographs, let's say it's dancing."
"I don't know, I'm just thinking off the top of my head, let's say it's kids dancing."
Most people start out in photography as a hobby or something they really enjoy.
You're the best kid photographer in town that does that.
You're going to get all that business.
So those are just some ways that I would start a small photography business.
"Now this is sort of, I don't know, being a little, you know, you really want to look at it."
"Do I want to start doing something I really enjoy as a pass time and start it in to a business, because you might not really enjoy doing it so much anymore where it becomes a business."
"But, on the other hand, you might actually enjoy doing it more because you're getting paid to do something you enjoy."
"I mean, I'm trying to kind of make it a little bit comical, but to be really honest with you, it really gets to be that way sometimes for some photographers."
"Where as they started out doing something they love and ended up actually hating it and just doing it for money, and in the end, I think sometimes that really shows."
"So it's really something you want to think about, even before you begin doing anything."
"One thing about a photography business is that photography is extremely expensive, so your start up fees are going to be very high."
Some illnesses that you may come across with your leopard gecko include tail loss.
"Now tail loss is one of the most feared illnesses by a leopard gecko owner simply because, especially if they are used for breeding or for show purposes, because the tail that's lost, they can regrow their tail, but what regrows is not the same."
"In any sick reptile, raise the temperatures, it always helps."
"You also want to make sure they have plenty off food, plenty of fresh water, and a nice warm area, but also a nice cool area to thermo-regulate."
Now another health issue is shedding.
A lot of times leopard geckos cannot properly shed.
This is for several different reasons.
Sometimes the temperatures are too low.
"Sometimes they lack vitamin A, which is not something that is taken in in large amounts, but it is something that is found in most reptile supplements."
Even in low dosages you just want to make sure that your leopard geckos is able to have at least a little bit once a week or so of a vitamin A mix.
Now another reason your leopard gecko may not be able to shed is the humidity may be too low.
"Another reason would be parasites, external parasites such as mites or ticks."
"It comes out in the shape, more like its head."
"Leopard geckos don't get this very often, but it is something that can cause your leopard gecko to have trouble shedding."
So carefully examine the body and make sure you don't see any little bugs.
Look carefully between the toes and in the folds of the skin.
Now also you'd want to make sure that you have a humid shelter available.
"If you have this shelter available at all times, you will not have a problem with shedding, almost guaranteed."
"Now this inability to shed and if it's not treated and taken care of, it will cause the leopard gecko to become ill, it will cause it to lose weight, and it will become a little bit listless."
"Now addition to becoming inactive and losing weigh, if your leopard gecko is unable to shed, it may also develop eye problems."
"It can cause infections on the digits, especially in those little small areas like the fingers and toes and maybe even the tip of its tail."
"If skin is kept on there for an extended period of time, it can cause an infection which can cause loss of the toes."
"Now if you're having trouble helping your leopard gecko to shed, you might want to try using a cotton swab with some peroxide, that may help remove the skin."
"This is actually meant to be able to fool its predators, because they are able to drop their tail, they want to be able to distract their predator from their head and use their tail as a decoy, which they can drop and escape at that point."
You can also try lubricating it with like a eye lubrication.
"Not necessarily the type that gets the redness out of your eyes, but you want to make sure you get specifically eye lubricant."
This is often a useful tool in removing attached shed from your leopard gecko.
Now what does grow back is also not colorful.
It's most likely going to be white.
"Not very pretty, not for show."
This can also compromise the health of your leopard gecko.
"A leopard gecko that's lost it's tail is going to be weak, it's going to be stressed, and your going to need to take special measure to make sure that your leopard gecko is going to make it through the loss of its tail."
"Now a couple things you can do is you can quarantine it into a separate cage, and you definitely want to raise the temperatures."
Hello!
The first step to a well-designed room is to consider your largest spaces and the first space is your floor.
What I have done in this room is select a semi-antique hand-woven rug that was purchased in Dallas at rug shop.
Id like to show you how to center that rug in your space.
What I have done is measure this room and made a determination that I wanted this space pretty much open around the rug.
So Ive selected a rug that just pretty much sits in the center of the room.
"Im centering the medallion with the fireplace, which is my focal point."
Now Id like to show you how to center that and easily install that rug.
"On preservation of your fence, you might want to think of painting your fence every three years depending upon your environment."
"Now, touch up as needed."
"Now, we used a soft wood here, which is pine."
"If you use a harder wood, maybe one coat of primer, one coat of paint will suffice."
"Being the fact that this is a softer wood, we put on one coat of primer and two coats of paint."
Make sure that you save a sample of the original paint.
"When you do your touch up, the paint will match and it will look very lovely."
"Now if you find that your fence is looking a little dingy in between your paintings, you can easily get a pressure washer and pressure wash your fence to return it to your like-new condition."
"Another helpful tip in preserving your picket fence, is to remove the dirt or any wet debris at the bottom of your fence."
You wanna keep your bottom of your picket fence as dry as you possibly can in order to prevent rot.
"When you paint a fence, it has two primary functions."
The first is that it looks good.
But the second is that it helps to preserve the wood to keep the outside from coming in.
"Alright, when having a business dinner, the business portion of the dinner does not actually start until after the entree is served."
"And for lunches, that would, I mean basically you're not talking about several courses, but the business portion would not start until the meal has been on the table."
"So it's very, very important that prior to that time, you're not talking about business."
"And this is proper etiquette, you're talking about other things."
"Now you might be talking about things that are business-related, but you do not bring up the portion of business that this meeting is about until after the entree or the lunch has been served, which means all the business papers that you have, whether they're in a briefcase, whether they're in a folder, whether they are loosely brought about, you must leave your business papers under the table until it is time to talk business."
"You don't want them sitting on the table next to you, you don't want them in your lap."
Completely keep them out of sight until it is time to talk business.
"Hello, my name is Scott and I'm the owner of Climb On!"
"indoor rock climbing gym in Wilmington, North Carolina."
This has been how to buy a climbing wall.
Today we're going to discuss the cost of building a rock climbing wall.
"Hi, I'm James with JNC Home Repair."
Today I'm going to show you how to choose the right nail.
"If you use these type of nails in a fence, they're actually going to rust and they're not going to hold the pickets on there very well for a long term."
This is basically just another variety of a ring shank nail.
"This is one that you would just hammer in using a hammer, you wouldn't really use a nail gun to apply these."
And then this is basically a little finish nail.
"These are used more like for cabinets, trim type things, that you can actually see that the head is real, real small, and you'll actually need a center punch to actually sink these in all the way, and then you'll actually be able to put wood filler over them and you won't ever ever be able to see the head of the nail."
"First thing you want to consider when you're choosing nails, whether or not you're going to be actually hammering them in or you're going to be using a nail gun."
"If you'll notice on this type, this has a big round head on it and it's designed to work on holding a surface in there flush and you won't actually be able to sink this nail all the way in as easy as a smaller finish nail like this with a small head."
These are just some basic things to know about nails when you're choosing the right nail for whatever type of application you're using them for.
If you're going to be using a nail gun these are the most standard types of nails that you can use.
These are just basically round head finish nails.
You want to also match the nail to the type of nailer that you have.
Again 400 degree oven for around 40 minutes.
If you use a can of beer to cook the chicken remember to pour a portion of the beer out of the can first otherwise the beer would be spilled everywhere.
"Hello, I'm Sifu Mallan with the Clearwater Kung Fu Center."
This is my assistant Melissa and this is kick boxing.
We're going to go ahead and demonstrate our kick boxing warm up using our jump rope.
This is called alternating hop.
To show you the foot work for alternating hop is basically you start from a basic hop.
"O.k., and then you go to a single foot lift."
"As you notice, I'm pulling my toes up as I'm hopping I'm keeping my heels off the floor."
Hi I'm Tim Gipson with some tips on bathroom plumbing.
Now bathroom plumbing has three basic components.
What that trap does is actually it just traps some water in there.
And what this allows is it allows to cut any kind of waste odor that may come out of your sinks.
"So if you have some strange odors coming out of either your shower drain or tub drain or your lavatory drains, then you might want to check and make sure that you have a trap installed."
Because that water just makes a barrier.
And that is the basic components.
Then you look at your faucets.
You have different type of faucets.
"In this case we have a single handle faucet, you can have dual faucets, and there are variant type of faucets that you can get."
And that can add a different type of style to your bathroom.
So I'm Tim Gipson with some tips on bathroom plumbing.
"You have your hot and cold water supply, you have your drain, and your vent system."
Now with the drain and the vent system those work together.
"And the drain lines actually go from your lavatories, your shower drain, tub drain, and your toilet."
And go down to the sewer lines.
"But with those drain lines are actually vent lines that are connected and go up through your walls, out through your ceiling, and to a roof vent."
"Without those vent lines the water when it would try to drain would actually create a suction, and you wouldn't be able to get any drain at all."
"Now with your drain lines, when those are installed, we have what we call a trap."
"And what this is, it's a one hundred and eighty degree shaped fitting that attaches the drain line and stands between it and your wall."
I told you he was a frantic fool.
Hiding his bitter jests in blunt behavior.
Am I auditioning for a straight play?
Am I auditioning for a musical?
"Or is it film work, where they're going to be doing a lot of work up close, and I really need to think about my facial expressions."
Then look at the audition notice.
Make notes of times.
Do you have to make an appointment to make the audition.
And what exactly do they want you to do when they get there?
"For musicals, for instance, you may very well be ask to bring a prepared song, pay attention to how many bars they ask you to sing, sixteen or thirty two, because if you sing too much they're going to cut you off before you get to your big finish."
Are you going to need to be prepared to dance?
"If so, make sure that you have the right clothing to do that."
Well I guess I better figure out what that means before the audition.
Sometimes they'll ask for a one minute monologue.
"That's just you, reciting some speech from Shakespeare for instance."
Where you're going to have to show that you can act all by yourself.
Then they'll probably ask you to do some cold readings too to see how you work with other actors.
All this stuff is great to practice before you go to the audition.
Get as comfortable as you can with the material.
"And if you have a chance, get a hold of a copy of the script."
"Be familiar with the play and the characters so when you walk into the audition and they say, what part do you want to audition for?"
You'll be able to answer.
"Like I said, auditioning can be intimidating at first."
"Hi, I'm Janice Creneti, director of the Girlstories Theater Project with Powerstories Inc. in Tampa, Florida."
"But I had a friend of mine say to me, I just look at it as another chance to perform."
"And hey, that sure is fun."
"So, get prepared, go in, and have a blast."
"I'm Janice Creneti, and this is how to prepare for an audition."
I'm here to talk to you today about how to audition to become an actress.
"See, auditions are a very necessary part of actually performing."
Directors want to make sure they choose the absolute best cast for any show that they're putting on.
Auditions can be scary and really intimidating if you've never gone to them before.
"But there's some very simple things that you can do to walk in and give a confident, competent audition."
"Very first thing you want to know is, what is it that I'm auditioning for?"
Okay now we're talking about the basic shooting mode.
The landscape mode on the Canon 40D.
And to set the camera to landscape mode just take the mode dial here on the left side of the camera and just spin it to this little mountain icon here.
It's got like a cloud and maybe a mountain there to represent the landscape mode.
Once you have lined that up with the white dot here on your Canon body you're now in landscape mode.
In this video clip we will be applying our shelf paper and reinstalling our shelf.
The last step is to apply your shelf paper.
"Now, I'm pulling it from the back side and smoothing it on the front side at the same time and you want to use a good amount of pressure to get that flat."
On the back side you want to go ahead and wrap it around and give it good pressure pulling it tight on the sides as you press that down.
Now in our corners I went ahead and notched out a little section so that when I folded it over there wasn't a big blog of shelf paper here.
Now that our shelf has been recovered we are ready to reinstall our shelf.
We will be reinstalling our shelf just opposite of how we took it out.
We're going to stick in the closet at an angle and we're going to tip it up onto our ledges and position it where you want it.
Today we're going to be talking about how to buy a new car.
It will be a lot less hassle if you pay for a little bit up front than pay it for it a lot more in the long run.
"Keep in mind, even though you have a warranty with your new car, your warranty does not cover your brake pads, your battery, your oil, your windshield wiper blades or any other things that can go wrong with your car that are not covered on the manufacturers warranty."
"However, purchasing a service contract throughout the course of your automobile loan can sometimes alleviate some of those little surprises that come up in the future."
"In this segment, we're going to talk about maintaining your new car."
"It's really important that you remember that even though you buy a new car, it still has to be maintained."
Every 3000 to 5000 miles you should change your oil.
There is nothing worse than not changing your oil in your new car 'cause it creates sludge.
Sludge in the engine is the only thing that will kill your car.
"And remember, at some point your new car will be someone else's used car so the better you take care of your new car, the more money you can get for it when its your used car."
Ask when you buy your car whether or not there is a service contract that's available.
"Some manufacturers will offer you for a small amount of money, a contract where they will pay for your normal service, your oil changes, your brake services, your battery problems, things of that nature."
Maybe your parents did it as a kid.
That was the big hoop craze and then I guess it started to creep back into the American culture in the early 90s.
"Yeah, early 90s or late 80s probably."
The hoops we use now are much cooler.
Much heavier.
This craze is absolutely taking over the world.
It is so much fun.
It's such a great way to bond with people and to have a great time.
We really recommend you getting hoop like this.
You can get it off of our website.
"Apparently, it originated in ancient Egypt 3,000 years ago."
firegroove.com.
It's a little bit heavier.
That's the history of the hoop.
Let's move on.
Children used to fashion dried grape vines into hula hoops and hoop with them.
I bet that was light and hard.
Yeah.
"Well, back in the 50s, you probably remember the big hoop craze, or maybe you don't remember."
"Oh yeah, Wham-O."
They created the first plastic hula hoop.
"Hi, this is Liz Muller from Liz's Hair Design in Hollywood, Florida."
"In this clip we're going to show you how to deal with dry, damaged hair."
"Sometimes you have to cut off the hair because it's just way damaged, and it doesn't have any repair."
"But now-a-day's, we have such wonderful products out there, that I'm sure you might be able to find something out there to condition the hair and make it the way you had it before, or at least close to it."
"This is Liz Muller, and this is how to deal with dry, damaged hair."
"Now this hair is pretty nice, and it's nice and soft, and it doesn't have any damage to it."
"But damaged hair would usually look frizzy, it would have the split ends on it."
You can see it a mile away.
"It doesn't have anything to it, it's just really hair that looks like it's hurting."
"And the way you want to condition that hair is you might want to use something that moisturizes the hair, a moisturizing mask."
Do it once a week.
"Maybe get a product that you can use every time you shampoo your hair, and leave it on about ten to fifteen minutes, OK, because you want to get the hair back and restored."
"If it's way too damaged, you know, don't be afraid to clip it off."
I have my chicken that we just finished cooking on the stove and it's cooked all the way through.
"So we're dealing with cooked rice, cooked chicken and our soap so it's just basically to warm all the way through."
All these chicken breast are all so juicy these are great and all we're going to do now is I'm going to break up that rice a little bit.
This would be great maybe if you had leftover white rice from Chinese takeout not the fried rice but you can do stuff with that.
But if you had leftover rice from that how easy is that you didn't even have to cook it and all we're going to do with our soup is just pour it on top and kind of let it all mesh together.
"Which we will do in the oven, it's the baking part."
Let's just assemble I'm going to spray down my dish just because it makes me sleep better at night just knowing that it's not going to stick.
"Just hold it away from you and give it a good once over and I want to start with the rice, let's put the rice in first."
"If you want to put in your chicken first I'm not going to stop you whatever floats your boat, like my dad will say."
"Just piling on our rice put all of it, why not, the size of this dish it all depends on if I had more or less rice cooked in this or I have three chicken breast today."
I could of had six or maybe where I had one and I'm just cooking for myself I could of made this a much much smaller pan.
"So it's really up to you just as far as to where you have on hand, how much you want to put in there."
"Let's get our chicken in next I'm just going to put in there, we'll add in one more chicken breast shove it down in there like a little bed."
"Ok so first things first, leather."
Wipe a little color protector your wipe on there to make sure the bag isn't really dark brown compared to the light brown everywhere else.
You also maybe maybe want some rain protection on every other bag that you have at home or anything else.
Like this bag here or your fabrics.
Fabrics are very important you can also store your bags in the thing that they came in so that you can zip it up save it up and just put it away.
"That way its stored, nice and neat bring it out of the bag, still smells fresh."
Its very important.
So up keeping your bag is very important for a long lasting healthy bag.
"Up next were going to to talk about different patterns, colors, shapes, sizes of bags"
Leather we've already talked about previously in a segment.
Leather is very important and you want to upkeep it very well.
You want to have a color protector before you even apply amazing wipes on it.
Wipes that can help with UV protection.
So if your going to go out in that sun with that bag and look great on that beach you want to be able to have the best protection on as possible.
So if your going to try to protect your bag.
You don't want any discolor in any relative bag.
So you want to open it up somewhere where people normally don't see.
Now we're going to learn how to come into lasso with our first hand.
"If you hoop towards the left, your first hand is going to be your right hand."
"Once you're in lasso, you want to try to actually grab the hoop and release."
This is going to give you a lot of control and it's going to make sure that you don't toss the hoop across the room.
"Let's try it again. At your hip, turning toward the direction you hoop in, bringing the hoop up, the hoop rolls across the thumb and into the palm of the hand."
Then continuously rolls between the palm and the back of your hand in lasso.
You want to make sure that you're swinging your hoop on a nice horizontal plane keeping it over your head.
That looks great.
Nice.
"If you hoop towards the right, your first hand will be your left hand."
"Since I hoop to the left, I'll start with my right hand, hold the hoop at your hip."
"You're going to slowly start to turn in the direction you hoop as, as you bring the hoop up and in towards the chest and over the head."
Now I'll do it.
"Turn towards the left, bring the hip in towards your chest, over the head, into lasso."
Let me describe that a little bit more now.
"Again, starting at the hip, turn in the direction you hoop as, bring the hand in towards the heart center over the head."
"What happens with our hand up here is when we turn, the hoop rolled across the thumb and into the palm of the hand into lasso."
Now I'm going to talk a little bit about henna safety.
One of the most important issues that everyone should be aware of when getting henna or buying henna is making sure that you don't buy what is called black henna.
Black henna does not exist.
Henna is a natural product made from the henna plant and it's a brown and green powder.
Black henna usually has hair dye added to it that is very dangerous to the skin.
"If anyone tries to sell you black henna or put black henna on you, do not accept it."
"It's made with an element of a chemical called PPD, which is the hair dye that can be very dangerous to your skin."
"It causes allergic reactions, open wounds, and scabbing, and it's just an all around bad product, so avoid that."
You have found out you have to go to court and you're going to go to court without a lawyer and your concerned about how to address the judge.
"Hello, I'm Robert Todd and I'm here to answer the question how to address a judge in court."
The first thing to remember is you don't have to speak unless you're spoken to.
"But, if you are spoken to and you want to address the judge you may address the judge by calling the judge Judge, Your Honor, or you may want to ask the clerk of the court that you're going to appear in how does this particular judge like to be addressed."
The clerk will provide you with that information.
"Also remember, always be polite when addressing the judge."
Always stand up when addressing the judge and when your standing up let your arms flow naturally to your side as opposed to waiving your hands around and talking in an animated fashion.
Remember to be polite and always remember to make eye contact with the judge so the judge knows that you're speaking to him or her.
That's how you address a judge in court.
I'm Robert Todd and thank you for watching.
Chapped lips are most common in the winter months.
But they can occur any time.
Repeat this procedure about three times.
"When the dry skin becomes soft, dip the wash cloth in the warm water, again."
"But this time, ring out the cloth."
"And rub it back and forth against your lips, to exfoliate them."
Another method is to brush your lips with a soft tooth brush.
"Minus the tooth paste, of course."
"Be sure not to rub, too hard."
Because the skin on the lips is delicate.
And it can easily bleed. once you've exfoliated your lips. Pat them dry and apply a natural lip balm. Or other moisturizing product.
"Especially, if you're in the habit of licking your lips."
"Specially, formulated for lips."
Remember to cure chapped lips.
Soften the dry skin with warm compresses.
Exfoliate the lips with a cloth or soft tooth brush.
And keep them hydrated with a good lip balm.
I'm Jackie Silver with how to cure chapped lips.
I'm Jackie Silver from Aging Backwards.
With how to cure chapped lips.
Curing chapped lips can be simple and affordable.
"And leave you with soft, beautiful lips."
"If your lips are chapped, fill a small bowl with warm water."
Dip a clean wash cloth in it.
"And hold the wet cloth against your lips, until it cools."
I'm going to be using my assistant to help me out.
Hi we are now going to do our stock for our etouffee.
"You can do your own shrimp stock if you like this is going to be a craw fish etouffee so you are you won't have the shrimp shells on you, you may have some in your freezer it is always great when you are peeling shrimp that you go ahead and put some in a bag in the freezer."
"Always bring it out and make a quick stock, you just add water to the shrimp shells maybe a little bit of salt and pepper, maybe some little aromatics like celery or onion to it to make is a nice stock and then you strain it."
"I found something so when I don't use shrimp etouffee is called shrimp flavor bouillon it is really great stuff so what you do you get this receipt, you get 1 1/2 cups of water, we use I like to use 2 because I like a stronger shell fish flavor to it."
Remember if you are allergic to shell fish this isn't a good move craw fish are in fresh water so you can eat them without any of the problems you have with shrimp.
So I use 2 of these in mine and you put your heat on high so you get this nice to a boil and when they boil it will break down to a wonderful shrimp stock.
Hello I'm Greg Koenig owner of fitness for life.
And today we are going to talk about weight training for volleyball.
"We're not going quite as fast as we need which is fine, because we want to show you the movement."
We are going to shoot for about five to six more reps and she's going to pick up the pace with each one.
"So you can see that's the down force, all the muscles being engaged plus all the instability here, from her knees up."
"Big drive Sarah lets shoot for about four more. Good pace. Four, three, two, one. And back slow. So basically from your hips up there's a lot of movement or a lot of core that's being engaged plus the large muscles of the back."
Sarah is going to demonstrate one of the many moves used to helping increase strength and muscle mass if that's what you are looking to do for volleyball specific.
"All of the small muscles that's encompass the shoulder, and chest."
This is Greg with fitness for life and this concludes our weight training for volleyball.
"Hi, this is Sean Hobson, and what we're talking about right now is the way to make a proper pass in the offense."
"One of the best passes you can use, and one of the most effective passes, is a chest pass."
"Now, there's a couple mechanical things behind the chest pass."
"One, obviously first we're going to fake the ball."
"So, you always want to fake the pass off, then make the pass."
"Whenever you make a pass, you want to try to keep your defender as far away as possible."
"If I'm defending the ball, and Kyle's trying to throw the ball to that direction, we don't want him to throw with his right hand, because he's going to come through the defense."
"Instead, we want him to throw his pass with the outside hand, away from his defender."
Same thing on the reverse side.
So you're going to throw strong hand pass or weak hand pass.
The other important thing is you're going to step when you pass it.
"So you're going to fake, and you're going to step with your pass."
"Now, it's called a chest pass for a reason."
"You're going to pop it off with your fingers, just almost like you were making a shot."
You're going to pop the pass.
You're not going to throw it and float the pass.
You're probably going to have to take one more step back.
"We're going to show you at full speed here how to do some chest passes. Go. All right, you're good. Good."
"All right, so that's the proper way to make a chest pass."
"Step with it, pop the ball, and when you catch it, catch the ball in here, in the chest area."
"You don't throw it at their head, and you don't throw it at their feet."
That's a chest pass.
"Instead, you're throwing it at their chest."
The reason you want to throw it in the chest area is because of the fact that that's where your hands most typically go.
That's also where you want to catch to shoot.
That's where you want to catch to pass.
Everything works out of this base area.
"So, whenever you make a pass, you usually want to try to get it in the chest area."
"Okay, now we're going to do the rim of the toilet, which is the only thing we haven't done."
"The inside's all nice and clean, we're just going to do the top rim."
"Again, you want to do this two or three times with a different paper cloths."
Don't ever reuse the paper cloth.
"You're not going down into the basin, you're just doing the lip right here."
Okay?
"And another reason why I don't use cloth for this, is because the cloth would, you know, you'll drop a corner of it will go down into the toilet and get and it's just more difficult."
"So, also don't forget to get the back part right here."
Because we haven't done that at all.
"We've done the hinges back here, but we haven't actually done the part that links the toilet to this piece here."
So just clean that up.
"This is where we want to use the paper because, again, this is one of the dirtier parts of the toilet."
"And that's it, your toilet is cleaned."
"But just make sure you go over this area a couple with two or three different pieces of toilet paper, kitchen paper and then put it in your plastic bag cause that's not, it's harmful to flush that down the toilet."
So you just want to get a little bit of disinfectant on your cloth.
"Again, even though we're using this water over and over, it's got disinfectant in it."
So don't worry about contaminating that water.
All right?
"So, then, let's go ahead with our disinfectant cloth and you're going to wipe the top of your basin here."
"Now this is where you're going to see, you know, yellow urine that's been sitting there."
So you want to wipe that really well.
"DIXON GILLETTE: In three, two, one."
Okay.
"Once you're satisfied with its length, left-click again and, as you can see, you've just completed parallel track building."
"Now, from there, we can build a switch."
"To build a switch, we're going to want to push our Single Track icon or T on the keyboard, and we're going to want to drag our mouse pointer over the edge of our parallel track."
"Now, you're going to want to click once there and drag this to an interior portion of your other track."
"Now, as you can see, you have a yellow indicator there, and that's telling you essentially that you are building on an interior portion of your track."
"So what we're going to do is once we're happy with each position, we are going to left-click again, and it will build the switch."
"And now, as you see, in its place, there is now a signal, so now trains can utilize both of these tracks and your routing will become all the more efficient."
"Now, we're going to talk about laying parallel track and building switches."
"Most of the time, you're going to need to build parallel track because you're just going to be having too many operations being conducted at your city depot centers."
"So, to lay parallel track, we're going to select our Double Track icon here or push D on the keyboard."
"Again, you can see it highlights the track that you currently own."
"Again, you're going to see your mouse pointer change into your circle colors depending on the type of operation that you are performing."
"So to begin laying parallel track, you're going to want to bring your mouse pointer directly beside the track that you want to lay, and we'll just zoom it a little bit here."
"And as you can see here, we now have a green chevron."
"Now, to begin laying the track, left-click on your mouse once to begin the start point and then simply drag your track alongside the other track."
In this section we're going to discuss some methods you can use in dealing with tough customers.
"That crosses a completely different line so you have to stay calm, stay professional most times just by doing that and using the proper professional tone you can defuse a situation and you will calm a customer down."
"A very important thing to remember when you are dealing with a tough customer and this is a very difficult thing to do, stay calm."
The customer comes at you with a very upset loud tone; don't match the customers tone.
The customer is yelling at you.
Maintain a regular tone of professionalism just general conversation much like I'm doing right now.
"In my experience, people will bring their tone down to match the others persons tone rather than trying to escalate it."
"If you stay calm, you can help that customer stay calm."
The worst thing that I can do is to become angry right along with them.
"Then this doesn't become just an issue about what the customer wants you to solve or question that the customer has, then it becomes a very personal argument."
Now we're going to talk about The Grapevine.
The Grapevine is a traveling step.
"If you wanted to do The Grapevine in place, you can also do right to left, so you can step to the side, cross back, side, cross front; step side, cross back, side, cross front; side, cross back, side, cross front; side, cross back, side, cross front."
"You can use it to travel side to side, or you can use it to travel diagonally forward, or diagonally back."
"So, starting with your right foot, you're going to step to the side."
Then you're going to cross back.
"Then you're going to open out to the side, and then you're going to cross front."
"Then you're going to open out to the side, cross back, and repeat."
"Step out, cross back, step out, cross front."
Now we're going to try The Grapevine a little bit faster.
"Out, back, out, front."
We are talking about boots.
Boots are probably the most important thing you want to choose as far as snowboarding goes I think because your feet is what connects to the board.
"When you go to a shop you should go and by a package so that you get fitted best your board, boots, and bindings but the boots are very very touchy because people, like you have to try them out pretty much and they take time to break in, there is all types of different kinds, pretty much there is soft, medium, and hard and there are different lacing systems now."
I wanted to take some time in this series of videos to talk about controlling ones caffeine intake.
And the concept of refined sugar is actually being a drug in itself.
"But for somebody who chooses to go drug free or chooses to go off ADHD medication, caffeine can quickly become a disruptive force."
It can make you too speedy.
It can cause you to go beyond a point where you're focused due to the stimulation of the caffeine.
And head into a point where you're plain stimulated.
Refined sugar can also have this effect on somebody with ADHD.
And it can cause complications for somebody who's trying to manage ADHD without the use of medication.
Refined sugar is also in it's own way a stimulant. And can be over stimulating to a person with ADHD. thereby exacerbating negative symptoms.
"Caffeine is not only a popular drug with the population as a whole, especially is."
We here in America become more and more over worked and get less and less sleep.
And have so many more things to cram in at the course of the day.
Caffeine becomes a fall back just as refined sugar does.
Caffeine is a drug even though it's present in everything from coffee and soda.
"All the way to coffee ice cream, coffee flavored yogurt, caffeinated water, energy drinks."
Caffeine can be a point for somebody with ADHD to fall back on.
"And indeed there is benefit in caffeine helping to focus somebody, helping to sort of eliminate some of the, not eliminate but control some of the negative symptoms of ADHD."
"In these clips we're going to talk about the proper way to inspect, remove, replace, and maintenance your vehicles shock absorbers."
In this clip we're going to talk about the proper way to re-jack our vehicle up and remove our jack stand.
What I'm going to do is go to the front of the vehicle and place my floor jack in the same location.
I'm going to go ahead and jack the vehicle up.
"Ok once we have the vehicle jacked up off of our jacks and you can see it's loose, you can go ahead and release the safety lever and slide my jack stand out of the way."
From there I'm going to proceed to the front of the vehicle and let the vehicle down.
And that is the proper way to remove your vehicles jack stand.
"Now, we've gotten BK the ball."
"He's caught it, he secured it."
"Chris is coming down field, he knows to execute the stiff arm move, and once he gets upfield, he's got to draw a direct line to the end zone."
"Now, once he gets here, we'll emulate that the cone is maybe another defender."
"He's got to take another path, but once he gets clear of that man, he gets straight back up."
"If there's another man, he clears that as well and then he draws his line straight back to the end zone."
"If he continues to run from sideline to sideline, the defenders will be able to either cut off his pattern, cut him off in the backfield, wherever he may be running, or just end up tackling him."
Now I'm going to show you how to prepare your stones.
When you get a stone you would receive in a box and it would also come with a nylon scraper.
Again we do not recommend any soap.
So you would just rinse it and then store it either back in the box or in your oven.
It would be a white very white color stone.
The first thing we want to do is rinse it in warm water.
This does not need to be soaked.
"We do not recommend suds, soap or detergent, or dish washer for your stone."
"After your first use of your stone, you would use the nylon scraper that comes with 4 different corners to clean your stone."
You would simply scrape any excess food from the stone using this scraper.
Any of these corners would get in to any corner on type of stone that you have.
Then you would just simply rinse it with warm water.
In this video clip we'll planing end grain.
Now if you have a project or component of your project where you have end grain that needs to be plane on the block plane is probably the best tool to use for this.
Now if I were just to come in here with my block plane and just start planing I would blow out this end of my project and it would just chip off and splinter and it would look real bad.
What we're going to do is we're going to use our block plane and we're going to plane this way about to where we reach half way point and then we're going to come around the other side and plane the other way.
This is going to ensure that we don't blow out the end of our project.
Now planing end grains can be a bit more time consuming and a bit more aggravating but if you take your time you will get a real nice end result.
"Okay so you know, we want to make sure that we understand how you play the war segment of the war game."
"So, you know, we each throw out a king and there are a number of ways to do this because it's a common game and people learn from their parents or their friends."
That's one way to do it.
It's not exactly like Hoyle has released a whole book on how to play war.
"It's not a very segmented, or it's not a very involved game."
But let's make sure we know how to do this.
"So one way to do it is to say one, two, three, four, I declare war."
Let's do that again.
"One, two, three, four, I declare war."
"Well, you won."
Your ace beats my two there.
"So, finally what we want to do is, we want to put the legs and feet together on the basic Five Step Sabar Jump."
"So, what normally happens is, I said when your right arm goes out, that's when your right leg goes out."
"So I'm going to show it to you a few times, and we'll slow it down a little bit."
In this section we're going to discuss some methods you can use in dealing with tough customers.
"We've discussed many factors that can help you provide great customer service in your business or industry, however, keep in mind that this is by no means a complete list."
Customer service is an ever growing ever changing field and there are a lot of resources out there that you can use to better your customer service skills.
"You can find seminars, there are lots of articles online, there are even periodicals dedicated just to providing great customer service."
It would be a great investment to look into these tools.
"Remember anything that you can find that will help you provide better customer service, find new ideas for customer service and pass those on to your employees is a very great resource to have."
Hi!
Some of the most creative parts of cat costumes I've seen involve the tail.
That's because there a lot of different materials and styles that you can go for to create your cat tail.
"First off, recall I had mentioned wearing a belt around the middle of your cat costume dress."
"One of the reason why belts come in extra handy is because you can hook your tail material regardless of what it is on the back of the belt either with a loop device, or also I've seen pins and buttons too also keeping the tail on there."
What can you use for tails?
Your costume may come with a little tail.
This is more of a costume material tail.
You can also use a curling iron.
You simply grab your flat iron and you pull it through your hair.
Nice and slow.
"If you don't pull it through nice and slow, you could leave some curl in the hair."
"Now remember, this is something that's very easy to do, and it doesn't take a lot of time."
You also can use a blow dryer.
"Leave it close to the hair, follow the hair shaft all the way down."
"Making sure that you get a nice, smooth texture on the hair."
Also use some shine serums and some sealers to protect the hair.
"My name is Sylvia Russell, and this is how you can straighten curly hair."
"Now remember, always use a round brush and a blow dryer after you shampoo your hair."
This will help smooth out the texture of the hair and get any tangles out.
We're going to always make sure that there's no tangles in the hair.
This is just one of the ways that you can straighten your hair.
"Now remember, if you like to use a flat iron, you can do so."
And right now I'm going to be talking about size.
And the next step I'm going to be talking about materials.
First of all most importantly everyone wants an everyday bag.
An everyday bag size is basically your average medium size.
"You have a different, you have two different straps, two different things you can fit."
You want a lot of pockets you can fit things in.
"Hi, I'm Tim Gipson, and I'm going to talk to you about how to use a clothes dryer."
"Now, before we put our clothes in the dryer, the first thing we want to do is we want to get the lint trap out and we want to run our fingers or this surface, and you want to make sure that you remove any lint."
"It's very important to do this every time, otherwise air will not flow properly through your dryer, and your clothes won't get dry."
Or it's going to take a lot more energy to dry your clothes.
So we can replace that lint trap.
"We can put our clothes in, and also you want to think you want to be mindful of the capacity of your dryer."
"Dryers can come in a regular capacity, a heavy duty capacity, or an extra heavy duty."
And that will determine how many clothes you can actually load in there and properly dry in a cycle.
"So once we get our clothes loaded in there and close the door, man, you want to make sure that you choose your right temperature."
"A lot of your dryers will come with the temperatures that you can put on low heat for delicates, to a medium heat for knits, or permanent press, all the way up to high heat for your cotton products that are a lot in your regular clothes."
Today we're going to learn how to make our own hoop earrings.
"Of course, you can buy a hoop."
You may even want to straighten that out a bit using your pliers.
"Now, to make it in a curve shape, you can either curve it around something that is round if you have issues with the shape, or you can just kind of grab your wire and keep twisting to make that circular shape."
"When you're finished, you'll have a hoop shape much like this."
They sell them in craft stores and they look very similar to this.
"As you can see, the form is very simple and we can do it on our own for free."
We're going to take a inch and a half to 2 inches piece of wire.
It's got to be a strong wire.
Not one that's going to bend really easily.
You're going to grab the piece of wire at the very end.
"This time, you're probably going to make a medium size loop."
"Using that same wrist turning method, you're going to bring the wire just till the end touches your main part of the wire."
"To buy you time to make the assailant's eyes tear up we or just you know run away, breaking the nose is a very effective womens' self defense move."
"To break the nose most people think you come straight in but that's the way the nose is built, to take an impact, it's straight in, it's a triangle so you don't really want to come straight in, rather you want to go side to side."
"So from the side of the nose strike here or the other side, strike here, boom, boom."
This will cause their eyes to tear up momentarily blinding them which will allow you to run away or follow up with another move.
"Once again side to side, side to side."
If all else fails I would recommend rather than coming straight in going up with the heel of your hand here.
"Remember not straight in, side to side, come to the side here, or the other side here, here."
The next thing I'm going to talk to you about is about having fun breathing and enjoying your dance.
"When learning how to Belly-dance, make sure you just make small goals for yourself."
"And you're dancing, whether you're a novice or a professional, it will still show."
"So just learn to love yourself, love your dance, and just be patient with yourself when you're learning how to belly dance."
Another thing to do is be conscience of your breathing.
Makes sure you are breathing when you're dancing and you're learning.
This will help you keep you healthy while you're dancing.
"Make sure you keep your knees bent, this will help prevent any injuries to your knees, and just enjoy yourself."
Make sure you don't make a big goal so that way you get discouraged.
"Just make many goals for yourself, learn your move, really practice it, maybe take a week or two or however long it takes to learn that move, perfect it."
You want to enjoy this dance for years to come.
"So, if it's a learning process for years, and years, and years, just enjoy it."
It's your dance and it will be uniquely yours in the end.
So just make sure you make tiny goals for yourself and don't be discouraged.
It's a dance that you should love.
"And, when you love this dance, and you dance and perform for others, and it comes from your heart, from inside, the passion will show out to everybody else."
The reason for which you need to buy a mostly customers buy the aftermarket unit is for simple reasons.
"Sometimes they do want to upgrade, their systems and especially if you want to add an iPod to the stock radios."
They usually the stock radios don't have these features available.
On when you buy and after market radio a like I told you before they're equip already there.
"Also when you want to do a big system like on add a, two woofers, you want more base in your system."
"It's kind of hard to do it when you have a stock radio because they don't usually have a, the features for them like a radio like this they already have it."
"If you look at it like I said again, they have the inputs for it so that make it easier for us to be able to hook a big system to them."
Also the sound quality it's a lot better than just having a stock radio.
"If stock radio is the radio that come from the manufacture from the dealer so the basically what they have, they only have the AM FM and CD player."
"That's all it is they don't have any type of a features that you can add to them so if you want to upgrade this radio you actually need to the dealer and the dealer charge so much that a, customer instead of a spending that much money on that they can actually save a lot of money and get something that is probably is going to do a lot better job with a lot less money."
"Okay, in this segment were going to look at good holes to play in and what makes a good hole for freestyler kayaking."
"Youre looking at this hole just behind me; this is a nice hole for freestyle kayaking. It has a pretty good-sized foam pile, which means that its going to be a nice deep hole."
I also look at the upstream face of the water so the water dropping down toward that foam should have a pretty low angle to it.
With a nice low angle I can have less edge on my kayak to be stable.
What else Im looking for is that there is a continuation of current through the foam pile.
"If I have a big sticky foam pile, its going to keep me too much in that hole, its going to make it hard to get to the top of it."
"But if I have some current flowing through the foam pile, thats going to allow me to do a lot of freestyle moves."
"Im looking for the downstream corners of the hole as well, the downstream corners are each end of the hole, so right about here would be one downstream corner and thats downstream of the middle part that allows me to get out of the hole and also spin back into the hole pretty easily."
"If those are upstream were getting more into a bad hole, thats it."
Hello I'm Sifu Mallon with the Clearwater Kung Fu Center.
This is Kung Fu for health.
"Again, when your jump kicking, you're goal is to get your kicks head or above, that's the reason you're jumping to kick higher."
"Okay, going into the combination for you quick."
"I step one, double."
"Again, I step one, double."
Different angle for you.
"I step one, heel kick, step down, double jump heel kick."
This is Heel Kick Double Jump Heel Kick.
"This how to is on Jump Kick, this is called Heel Kick Double Jump Heel Kick."
"Okay, so the Heel Kick, just demonstrating it for you, is a hinging kick."
This is where your knee lifts and pushes out.
"Okay, now we're using this kick on three different actions."
The first kick is just kind of like a set up for your timing.
"So to start it, right, you just keep your hands on by your side, you step, heel kick."
"Step down, now your left knee is going to lift, then instead of just tucking your leg like this, okay, for a normal jump, you're going to throw your left foot out and heel kick."
"As soon as you feel your left foot at the height of its action, you're going to jump and heel kick with your right foot, land."
Hi!
"This game is called ""I need a savior."""
One person will be the devil and another person will be Jesus.
The devil goes around tagging other people.
"When someone get tagged by the devil, in order to be unfrozen they need to call on Jesus so they say, ""I need a savior."""
I need a savior.
"Now, that person is free to run and play tag."
"As the devil is trying to chase people, Jesus can come in between the devil and the people in order to save them as well."
GINA KENNEDY: Another pose to transition to from your halfway or lunge is a lunge twist.
We're going to have Faith demonstrate that for us right now.
Beautiful.
Now she wants to keep her hips square and keep this knee from flaring out so drawing the knee in.
Good.
Then she presses into that block and reaches up through her fingertips and opens up through her heart and comes into that twist just a little bit deeper.
Good.
The whole time engaging this back leg and pressing through her heel.
Good.
Lengthening through the crown of her head.
Good.
So she's going to come into her halfway lunge.
"And then when she's ready, lowering her hand back down to her block and bringing her knee back down."
"We're going to have her use her blocks, extending her arms--good--just to make the floor just a little bit more accessible."
Good.
So she's going to curl her back toes under and lift up through her back knee.
Good.
Pressing into her heel and squeezing though her thigh.
Good.
"She's going to press into her left hand, inhale and rotate her torso towards her knee and reach her right arm up to the sky."
Today we've been talking about how to measure your bra size.
The reason a bra size is so important is because it keeps the breast tissue from breaking down too quickly.
"For a bigger cup size, I do recommend an underwire."
"It's going to hold you in place better, and it's going to keep your whole body in better condition."
"If the weight of your front is moving around too much, your back is going to start hurting."
"So you want an underwire to lift you, hold you into that place and have a firm material that's not going to let you move."
"On that note, you need a sports bra."
"What a sports bra does, is it holds you in place so it doesn't force your breast tissue to break down faster while you're doing high endurance activity, and it also keeps the sweat away from your body instead of breaking down your everyday bras with excess moisture."
"So, to find a sports bra for you, first you need to start with the kind of activity you're doing."
"If you're doing low impact, walking, golfing, there's a great Donna Karan bra, it's called the ""Golf Bra""."
It's underwire and it runs in cup and band size.
"I would always recommend that, until you start getting into jogging, running, tennis, anything that's high endurance and you're going to be moving around a lot more."
For a smaller cup size you can get away with using just a regular sports bra that pulls over your head as long as the band is snug.
"If it's too loose on the bottom, you might as well not be wearing it."
"Ok, let's look at how to change the battery in an ""in the ear"" hearing aid."
Each hearing aid will have what we call a battery door.
"Some hearing aid battery doors have it marked in color, and some it's just etched into the battery door."
"For this hearing aid, the battery door helps determine the orientation of the hearing aid."
"If you look at this battery door, there's a small ridge on the bottom of the battery door, that ridge is designed to accommodate the ring that's on the bottom of the battery."
So that helps me know that the ring slides into that ridge.
"Then you close the door, and you need to make sure the door is closed securely because that will generally activate the hearing aid."
"You can see the battery door here on the surface of this hearing aid, and its got a little lever."
"Put your fingernail under that lever, and use that to open the battery door."
"Once you have the battery door open, to remove the battery, you can just lift it out. For some people who have larger fingers, or may have arthritis, the hearing aids can be a little tricky to work with because they are very tiny, and sometimes people, you can get little devices that have a magnet on the end of them, and that just lifts the hearing aid battery out for you."
"Now to put the hearing aid battery in the hearing aid, you need to get the battery in the correct orientation."
"All hearing aid batteries are pill shaped, and if you look at one side of the battery you will see a plus sign."
On the other side of the battery you'll see a ring.
"If you look on the battery door, you'll see a plus sign etched in the battery door."
The lemon sugar is one step in the process of making sure that your henna develops nicely and you get a good rich color.
The main purpose of the lemon sugar is to seal the henna on and to have this stick on as long as you possibly can have it there.
The longer the henna stays on the skin the darker it will eventually be and the longer it will last.
"The other things you can do to keep it is if you rub a little oil over your skin before you go swimming or go in a chlorinated pool or do dishes, anything where you're going to be emerged in water for a long time."
"Just put a little bit of olive oil, tea tree oil also works."
The other main thing to know is that anti bacterial hand jells will actually make the henna fad faster as I've learned from experience.
"So the weight of the line bends the rod, the rod slings the line out and thats your cast."
"We call this the 4 part cast; pick up, back cast, pause, forward cast, and presentation."
"1, 2, 3, 4; thats the 4 part cast."
Now we are going to go on and analyze each of those steps so that you know exactly what to do to make a good fishing cast.
"Hello, my name's Tom Brintzenhofe, a certified master mechanic from Reading, Pennsylvania."
Today we're going to talk about how to know when you replace a fan thermostat.
Pull it out.
"Take your new one, screw it right back in, put your connector back on."
"Just for clarity, there is no fan thermostat."
Fill it back up with coolant.
Run it to about a hundred and ninety five degrees.
"About two hundred and ten degrees, if it's an electric fan, it will turn on."
"Under that, it won't turn on til that point, but just make sure that you keep your hands away from the fan."
"You don't want to sit in there and try and turn it, thinking it doesn't work, 'cause it....it turns on on it's own."
"And, that can cause a bad day."
"The other fans you have, you have a clutch fan that's....that's also a spring."
"There's either a thermostat that controls the flow of coolant through the engine, or there's a thermostat that will....I mean, a coolant sensor that will turn on an electric fan."
But no fan thermostat.
"If you need to replace your thermostat, it's usually in the thermostat...right behind the thermostat housing."
"A couple of bolts, two or three hoses, not real hard to change."
So let's begin with the basics.
"As you can see, the milk has expanded a lot."
There are a few bubbles here that you want to get rid of.
The best way to do that is to tap the milk a little bit down on your table.
There you go.
The milk should always look very tight without any bubbles and firm.
"In order to make a great tasting cappuccino, you have to make sure that you steam the milk properly."
"We're just going to fill up the pitcher half-way through, because it's going to expand in the steaming process."
"Before you start steaming, it's very important to open the valve to the steam wand, because there is going to be residue water in the steam wand."
Then you place the steam wand a little bit beneath the surface of the milk to heat up the milk.
"Then you want to let a little bit of air in, and you want to make sure that the milk is swirling and you're slowly moving the pitcher down."
Don't let too much air in.
Otherwise it will tend to bubble.
"And the moment it starts feeling warm on your hand, that's when you should stop."
And you need to know which is which.
You need to know your horse again and know what your horse prefers and what your horse prefers that you not do and take it from there.
"Today, we're going to talk about advanced encaustic painting."
Let's take a look at this painting that incorporates some of the things we talked about so far.
"For instance, you can see the fact that I have put Kleenex again into the wax and painted around the wax with some of that iridescent paint, used some of the round stylus points in here."
But there's actually another product down here I wanted you to see.
And that's these sections that have raised wax areas here and these are called wax sheets.
"These wax sheets come in different sizes, different dimensions and I think craft people use these to decorate candles."
I think that's one of the purposes of these.
"But I found that I like to put these into the wax paintings because it adds some different dimension and it's just-oh let's say if I'm working on something, I might take a wax stick like this to stick them in place so they don't move around while I am trying to do something with them."
"And a lot of times, I'll just take a tool and melt it through and make a pattern on top of the sheet."
A twice burnt match.
"Now, it looks like you're just going to, cool it down, but in reality you're just going to throw it down between your legs onto the floor."
"For this you need a match, you need a knife and you need a marker."
"This is a really old staple of restaurant magic, usually it's done with paper matches."
"I took it a kind of step further and carved up a wooden match so it resembles a burnt match, because as the match burns it eats away at the wood."
"So we want to emulate that by carving the corners of the matchstick away, so starting at the head of the match just carve downwards about a quarter away down the matchstick until you have a kind of a shape that looks like a burnt match."
Then take the marker and color the head of the matchstick and most of what you carved.
"See because it's now rough and uneven the color isn't going straight down, it's kind of just grabbing corners and edges of the stick."
"When you're done with that, you take your pretend burnt match, put it in the crutch of your thumb like this."
"Hold another match, strike the first match, make sure you get at least a quarter of it burnt, blow it out."
"In this clip, we're going to talk about black tea, the most commonly consumed tea in the world."
Black tea you find that in your iced teas at restaurants.
"So one of the ways around that was to oxidize the tea which took out almost all of the moisture, leaving about three percent in the tea."
This resulted in a product that was easy to transport and still very tasty once it got back to the mainland of Europe.
"So that's why traditionally today in Europe, most people drink black tea."
Black tea is most commonly produced in India and Sri Lanka.
Sri Lanka exports more black tea than any other country in the world and it goes primarily into the Middle East and into Russia.
The Indians drink a lot of black tea and they produce a lot of black tea.
But they don't export as much because they like to drink it as well.
"It's been said that if the Indians each drank one extra cup of black tea a day, they would become a net importer of teas over time."
"Now, let's go ahead and taste this tea, it looks like it's ready."
I'm going to pour it out.
"You'll see, right from the start, you'll see that is a very dark red cup."
The Chinese actually even call black tea red tea because they think the color is more reddish than black.
This is what most people know in the United States as tea.
"When we do classes on tea, this is what people say, oh finally, we're getting to the tea tea."
So here it is let's taste it.
"It's got nice, strong notes."
"Very tannic taste, it's got a good mouth feel to it, it's something that kind of lingers in your mouth for a long period of time due to the essential oils."
It's really what people think of when they think of tea.
So black teas came into being when the British East Indies Company and the Dutch East Indies Company were trying to get tea out of China and into Europe.
They found that the green teas tended to spoil during the long voyage.
"OK, I'm going to give Gary in this segment a lob serve, a series of lob serves."
Now the lob serve is much tougher to return if it's executed well cause the ball is coming at a very steep angle.
So you see how Gary has to be very patient cause it's very hard to hit a kill shot off this serve.
So it's much harder to hit a ball coming like that then it is one coming like that.
"So watch what he does, how he handles this ball."
"It's going to take a lot more, he's got to use his ears, he's got to hear how solidly it's hitting the wall and he's also got to determine if it's going to come off the back wall, cause if it's not going to come off the back wall you got to get it while it's in the air so let's see how he does."
"OK, he's taking my fine lob serve as if it's nothing."
That's pretty good.
But the beauty of a good lob serve for the server is I'm going to have time to get over there to cover his shot.
That's pretty good.
"Good, that's very good."
"Alright, now let's talk about eye contact."
"Now when you have conversations with people, most people make eye contact with the person that they are talking to."
Some people don't.
"It drives me crazy, but some people don't."
"But, in order to achieve a conversational style, you need to make eye contact with your audience, because that's how you build a relationship with your audience."
"But, there are some things that are real important about eye contact."
"The thing of it is, is that you have to do it, but you have to do it to everyone."
I have to look around at my entire audience.
"I cannot just focus on one particular section of my audience, or one particular person, maybe my mom is in the audience, so I want to look at her, or maybe one particular person is giving me really positive feedback so I want to talk to them."
Okay so we're getting really close to changing the oil.
"I just want to add one thing, which is if your car's been sitting for a while, your oil is more than likely the old oil."
"So first step we're going to do towards changing the oil, is we're going to remove the oil cap on top of the engine."
Now these can be you know any place on the car.
"Not any place, but more than likely closest to the engine."
"But like I said before with the dipstick, the engine oil for this car has a little graphic on it and also says engine oil which makes it a lot easier."
So make sure you get the right cap that you screw off.
"But take this off, and that's going to help your oil flow a little bit smoother as you're taking it out of your car as well."
"That is more than likely kind of cold, kind of depends on the weather."
But one thing you can do before you change the oil is you can go ahead and start your car up for a couple of minutes.
"Be careful with this though because if you start your car and leave it for too long, your car gets too hot."
It's going to be really hot underneath when you're taking the oil out and when you're replacing the oil filter.
"So you want to be really careful with that, because you don't want to get burned on any of those hot parts underneath the car."
So just a tip.
You can go ahead and get that oil warmed up just a little bit.
"And it's going to help your oil, the old oil flow out of the car a lot smoother and get rid of more of the gunk and stuff that's in there."
This is the under side of the deck.
Most decks aren't coated underneath.
They were using the charcoal colored stain on the top and I believe it would cover these boards up in one coat really good.
So that leaves you something to think about if you want to coat the bottom of your deck or not.
"Also you don't think it is that much area, maybe as much as the top of the deck but with all these joists so you almost have to double what you think you're going to need to paint the bottom of a deck."
It will go very very quickly.
Now when I do the underside of a deck I use my air sprayer.
I have it turned up a little bit higher.
I shoot it and I leave it.
I don't try to get in there with a pad and pad it out and everything.
I just hit it as best I can with one good coat and make sure there are not any drips or runs in it and let it set and that should take care of it.
Some people say that the wood should breathe.
Others think it should be sealed tight.
I personally don't lean one way or the other.
If you have your deck over a patio or your driveway or carport you probably want to have it painted.
So this is raw wood.
It has been here 20 years.
It has just grayed from the tannins in the redwood and everything.
"Where there are water marks on the deck if you paint this a light color you will have to coat it 3, 4, 10 times to get rid of water marks because they just bleed through and bleed through."
"The first thing we want to do is get our drum ready for decorating, and we're going to do that by applying a base paint over it so it covers up any markings and any decorations that are already on the can."
"Now, Keep in mind that the base paint is only meant to cover up the colors, and the writing that would show through if we were to put just a regular coat of paint directly onto the can."
"This basically makes it so that when we apply the colored paint, we don't have any colors showing through."
"We apply this base paint over the entire image, but just know that you'll still see some of the colors, but it will be less accentuated."
"So the next thing we're going to do after our skipping move, it's kind of a rhythmic cut and we're going to drop down to the floor so like what we did in one of the earlier series, we lifted our leg like this one of those little horse things and it is going to be kind of a shimmy and you want to fall to the floor so again like with those horse kicks that we did in Badun Bai our arms are going to be going in the opposite direction as our leg and then you want to drop to the floor."
Sometimes it requires you to kick it with the heels of your boot or reach ahead of the snow hook bridle which is lying that is attached to the snow of your dog team and jerk it back a few times.
It will sort of free it from the hard packed snow.
Just before you come to a stop you sink your snow hook in.
"The tips are shaped with some down suction just like a plow share so that as you put the snow hook into the snow, if it is shaped correctly, the force of the sled or the pull going forward will actually drive that snow hook further into the snow and hopefully give you a good hold and keep your dogs stopped."
Most of the time it will pull out without too much trouble but if you are in really good hard pack; snow that has had a lot of traffic on it and its pretty packed almost ice.
You can have a hard time getting the snow hook out of it.
"It's a seven millimeter magnum, it has a timed release bullet, which I talked about before, for depending on how much penetration you want before it mushrooms out."
But having a good--a high quality casing for whatever type of gun you're shooting is extremely important as casings that are overly re-manufactured can cause jams and it can also fail on you in the field.
Next let's talk about socks.
Socks for fencing are high.
"But you're actually going to have a sock that comes up very high, and protects this entire part of your leg, so that where the shoe leaves off protecting you, the sock picks up, and then of course the pants pick up again after that."
They have to cover your entire shin.
They are for protection.
Any solid-colored sock is permissible.
And you want to select a sock that is thick enough to offer you a little bit of protection.
"Welcome back, I'm Mike."
"Hopefully you've been following my first series of videos on ""How To Get Started To Airbrush."""
"This here, I'm going to show you how to get started on something that can actually be fun, you can wear it home."
"T-shirt, go to Wal-Mart, any of your local clothing store, find a blank T-shirt."
"Start off with a white or a light gray, something like because when you get into the darker colors, it makes it a little harder and there's a lot more advanced steps to go to, to be able to airbrush on those colors."
"With the T-shirt, you're going to need something to put the T-shirt on."
You can't just hold it up here and try to paint it at the same time you need something that will hold your shirt for you.
"Take your shirt, get cheap shirts too."
"If you go into the lingerie section or the underwear section, you can get packages of two or three."
I'm going to tell you about Bubble Finesse.
I think Bubble Finesse is a really cute word.
"And I call that straight streams, bouncing, behaving bubbles or bubbles at behave."
"Also when you taste a glass of sparkling wine, the bubbles should be so many and so small, lets try it, that they form like a creamy texture."
"In other words, that even though this wine is very tart and very acidic and refreshing, it should be smooth and soft because the bubbles kind of melt into one another and make like a cashmere blanket over your tongue."
"So the more bubbles, the smaller the bubbles."
Bubbles that form trains.
Bubbles that behave.
"Bubbles that start at the bottom, come to the top and explode."
"Bubbles that form a nice, smooth, cashmere kind of blanket over your tongue."
These are all good things in sparkling wine and they're called Bubble Finesse.
And it actually is a technical wine tasting term use for the quality of the bubble display and texture in a sparkling wine.
"If a sparkling wine has excellent bubble finesse, it has lots and lots of bubbles."
"The more, the better."
It also has very small bubbles.
"The smaller, the better."
"Also the bubbles will form this beautiful straight little trains, or streams."
"They won't bounce all over the place, they just rise from bottom of the glass or wherever the bubble start and they go straight up to the top."
"This is actually called the point of bubble nucleation, at the bottom of the glass."
"Hi, I'm Casey I'm with Elements University."
In this segment I'm going to show a tip on how to get your sideburns even.
So we all had people when they come into our salon that normally we would go ahead and judge the sideburns kind of on the same areas where we did on the ears.
"For example if I had my client and I lined it up with the top of his ears, I would go ahead and I would do the same on the other side."
"In most cases the case our clients ears could be off things like that, the best thing that I learned actually put your fingers where the sideburns are and that way you can actually tell where your off."
As you can tell on the right side I'm definitely off as far as how even I am so all I'm going to do is I'm going to move my finger up in line with my other one.
"Come across, remember we're making where the ear was and we're making that sideburns right off."
Go ahead and put your fingers back and when they line up perfect then that's when you know they're even.
Stay tune for our next segment which I'm going to give you a tip on how to taper in the neck line.
So there is different types of coats on long coated breeds.
You can have a harsh course coat and you can also have a dog or a dog breed that has a finer softer silkier coat.
"Again with any breeds that are supposed to have one coat type, you might have individuals or groups of individuals with another coat type."
"It is much easier to maintain a harsh coated long haired dog than a finer coated dog and so if that is within your breed standard, you want to make sure that, that dog the dog that you get has that kind of harsh coat."
"You can tell the individual hairs are thicker, you can tell by rasping the hair between your fingers and you can tell just by touching the overall coat and looking at the adults and seeing how easy it is to brush through the adults."
"The difference between a course harsh coat and a soft fine coat and for breeds with a soft finer coat is appropriate, that's fine to get individuals of that coat type."
You just want to make sure that the grooming requirements are not going to be over what they would be for a normal dog within that breed standard.
The individual dogs are the breeds that have a finer softer long coat are going to require a lot more maintenance.
It is going to be more difficult to keep them brushed out because that fine coat is going to mat a little bit more.
"An individual dog or a breed with a harsher courser coat is going to be a little bit easier to manage, easier to keep brushed out."
"Once you've done that, go ahead and apply your lip liner making sure to apply it right underneath the lip line."
This is going to help the feathering.
"It's going to help your liner to stay on longer and when you apply your lipstick, it's going to also help your lipstick to stay on as well."
You can color it in a little bit with your pencil and this just kind of creates a base for your lipstick.
"Once you've done that, you can go ahead and pick your lipstick color."
"Once you pick your lipstick color, make sure that you use a brush because it helps that you don' t put on too much lipstick."
"When you put on too much lipstick, it will run or bleed as your body temperature warms up."
"So, once you've done this, believe me you would not have anymore feathering or bleeding of your lipstick."
Go back one more time.
Dot the lip line and the lip area withe the same foundation that you used.
Go over it one more time with your brush and reapply your lipstick.
"If you do this, carefully you will have a beautiful lip."
My name is Sylvia Russell and this is how you can prevent your lipstick from bleeding.
"Now, if you're having this problem and you tried everything now is your opportunity to try this new trick."
Take your foundation like so.
Apply it directly to the top and bottom lip.
"Make sure that the color is very natural and close to your skin tone because what we're doing, we're creating a base to prevent the lip bleeding."
"Once you do this, you're well on your way to stop the bleeding."
"Once you secure your foundation on top of the lip like so, go ahead and take some translucent powder and apply it to the top of the powder of the foundation that you applied on your lip."
This is going to set your foundation.
That's the whirlpool.
"Again, left arm comes out, right arm goes out, comes up on your shoulder, left arm out to the side, left arm, right arm, left arm up onto your shoulder, left arm, right arm, left arm."
Now be conscience of where your veil lands.
You don't want to get tired arms and have it down here by the floor; up here.
"So, left, right, left, open, left, right, left, open, left, right, left, right, open, left, right, left, open, right, left, right, open, left, right, left, open, left, right, left, right, open."
"Hi, my name is Lincoln Ward."
"I am the director of the Austin Tennis Center here in Austin, Texas as well as a USPTA certified teaching pro."
Today we're going to talk about how to re-grip your tennis racket.
Generally there are two different ways to re-grip your racket.
You can replace the existing grip or you can add an over grip.
"The replacement grip is generally a little bit more expensive, its the same as an over grip, it just has an extra layer of cushion."
"If you're grip is, if you're cushion is fine, then I would recommend using an over grip and wrapping around the top of your original grip."
I am sure they will be happy to appraise it for you and let you know what the wholesale value of that car is.
That is a great way of making sure that you are getting the most car and not spending more money than you have to for it.
"ANDRE BOULAY: So, next, I want to show you how to actually throw an off string yoyo."
The traditional throw is actually from a forward pass which we touched on in both the string trick and looping sections.
I learned how to do it outside.
"I highly recommend doing that, because it can definitely fly off."
"Even you're good at it and every now and then you get a bad throw, and it might shoot up into the air."
"So if you didn't learn to forward pass yet, go take a look at that section."
"So, it's just like that."
"You throw, release, it lands onto the string."
The second part is called the bind.
"If you haven't learn how to bind, I definitely recommend going to the single A section, but basically what you're doing is you're taking the string up here in my non-throw hand pointer here."
And I'm taking it and point it down over the yoyo.
It's actually going to grab the yoyo and return it back.
Let me just grab my yoyo here.
I'll show you really quick what that looks like.
"So if the yoyo was on the string spinning, I would pull the string down over it, almost as if you're actually going to wind it."
"And what happens is, because it's spinning, it's going to shoot that yoyo right back up to your hand."
It is really important in order to do off string tricks.
The reason I didn't grab before was I didn't pull quite fast enough cause I was trying to show you guys what it looks like.
"So, you got your yoyo."
I want you to wind it up and what you're going to do is you're going to hold it as if you're doing a forward pass.
"Now we're going to talk about an off side ferry, an off side ferry is ferry to the side away from which I'm paddling so if I'm paddling to the right hand side of the boat, an off side ferry would be a ferry to my left."
"That'll be coming from the other shore toward this eddy, the basic principles of an off side ferry are the exactly the same as an on side ferry but there are some settle differences that can make all the difference in the success or failure on this move."
"So for an off side ferry more conservative angle, keep that angle a little more conservative all the way across until you get close to the eddy on the other side and then increase the angle and make a nice smooth exit from the current."
"My name is Ryan Parker with Parker Home Renovations in New Braunfels, Texas and I'm going to teach you how to install or replace a door hinge."
If you have a squeaky door hinge or one that is rusted shut and you simply need to replace it you can go down to the hardware store and find one that is the same type of hinge.
"They have different types, the rounded edge hinge and they have the square hinge."
Make sure you look at the one that you had and try to get one that is comparable to that one.
Now as far as designs and colors you have many to choose from.
"You can go from anything from a white hinge to a black hinge to chrome, whatever your preference is."
"After you pick out your hinges at your local hardware store, bring them back home with you and then what you'll have to do is you'll have to open up your door, try to get somebody to help you to hold up the outside of the door as it is open and then you can pop the screws off of the door frame side on all the hinges, take the door completely off the door frame and then what you are going to want to do is where the hinge connects to the door do the same thing."
Take all the screws off the hinge on the door side and remove that hinge altogether.
"Then you get your new hinge and you mount them back on the door the same way you took the other ones off, set them in the mortise section, screw the screws back into the holes and then you'll have to hold your door back up and screw it back to the door frame and then you can shut the door and you've replaced your hinges."
So now its important to choose the right record that will actually work together when you're trying to beat match.
The first thing to rule out if you want to do any extensive beat matching is to pick records that stay the same speed throughout the entire record.
Its not really going to be possible because this is just so much slower than this.
"We've got this playing this speed, this is a lot slower."
You're never going to be able to get this record and this record to be the same speed because they're so far apart.
"A lot of older records, a lot of rock records, and especially a lot of, pretty much records that came out before the eighties."
A lot of them do not stay the same speed throughout the whole record and that will get you into horrible trouble because you match it and then it comes off.
And its just going to be really difficult to match it.
You're going to wonder what your problem.
Your problem is these records don't stay the same speed.
"Also, you need to pick records that are even close enough in speed that they can be matched."
I was showing you with the pitch shifter that there's a finite range of how slow or how fast any particular record can get.
"If we wanted to match these two records, I'll show you real quick."
"You know, Baroness is about making combinations of thirteen."
"Aces are worth one, kings are worth thirteen and we're doing math with all the values in between."
This game can make very nice runs.
You can actually move six or seven cards off in one turn.
"Now for this board, the only combination of thirteen that's available is this three plus one of the tens."
"So I'm going to take the three plus this ten, that's thirteen."
And now I'm looking for other combinations that add up to thirteen.
Well a ten needs a three.
A two needs a jack because jacks are worth eleven.
"An Ace is worth one, it needs a queen which is worth twelve."
So I have nothing that I can play.
"But, don't be disheartened."
So you want to immediately put them onto cooling racks some kind of cooling rack that will circulate the air underneath and above.
"Research that car and get out there and enjoy everything that, that car has to offer."
"Dont forget to find out about the gas mileage, any reviews that anyone has written about that car, any other thing that will help you make an educated purchase on that vehicle."
Get it at the smallest one you can.
"There you go, nice job, nice clean job."
"And, you really, really want to use wire strippers, because it just gets a little too frustrating if you don't have this."
Because it gets a little bit hard to strip the wire.
There you have it.
And all your wire's stripped.
"Just about an inch on each side, because don't forget, that the rubber that's around this wire insulates this."
"So, you have to have this open to charge, and this is why you go ahead and strip the ends of it."
"But you don't want to strip it here, because you want to keep it insulated."
"But you can still let the flow of electrons go through, so you can make your telegraph."
Today we are talking about how to put on a wig and what works and what doesn't.
"Once you do that, you are going to do steps one 1,8,3,11 that we have showed your previously before."
"If you have really long hair down to here, the best way to do that some people are afraid and they are like oh no I have way too much hair or my hair is way to long."
I can not possibly wear a wig.
But they are so much fun and you really should.
"You can just braid your hair you know take a shower, braid your hair all the way down, then just flip it and put your cap on."
"So you know once you have braided your hair completely, just put your cap on on top of your braid and it would hold it down."
It does not matter how long or how thick your hair is.
"I have seen women with their hair down to their knees and they have worn wigs, we just condense it down."
Braided it and just put it inside the cap and very neatly in here.
Now in this segment I'm gonna tell you what kind of tools are needed.
At least the kind that I use and I think most artists of mosaic use.
I also use a marking pen to mark my glass how I and where I want to cut it.
"And this is the glue I use it's called Lexall and it sticks to, well it says it sticks to just about anything."
And I find it nice 'cause it's clear and its easy to use.
You need a glass grinder and that's what this is.
And this you put water inside of here and then you can grind glass with it.
And finally you're going to need some grout to put in it at the end.
And also a sealer in a finish to put on the grout when you're all done with it after its dried up for a couple of days.
It's very important to wear goggles in this kind or some kind when you're cutting glass because you don't want that stuff to kind of go up and land in you eye for sure.
So always wear goggles when you're working with glass.
"You need a cutter, a glass cutter."
And one that you can put oil on the top is preferable because it slides easily along the glass and cuts it.
I mean it's not something you can skimp on as far as I can see.
You get the best you can and they aren't terribly costly.
Then you need this is a cutting nipper.
You cut into the glass and you squeeze this on to the line where you've made the cut and it breaks the glass.
And then this is another pliers you can use to cut glass off of pieces.
And these are a nipper if you want to get a lot of little pieces you use this nip along them.
"Alright, so let's talk about safety a little bit."
First I want to talk about glass.
"I mean, on a piece like this, straight out of the store or from the glass factory, these edges aren't going to be tremendously sharp because they are kind of squared off."
"But, you can still cut yourself on these edges so you want to be careful."
"But, I guess the main thing is, and I have already mentioned this, but anytime you are cutting glass, breaking glass or grinding glass, you should probably be wearing your safety goggles because you can sometimes just have very, very small pieces of glass fly up."
"And, if they get in your eye they can cause a problem, obviously."
"But, just be kind of always aware where the edges are."
If you are careful and do things in a controlled manner sometimes you will have glass breaking when you don't want it to but most of the time you will be able to control what it is doing.
"I guess what I am saying is, you want to develop a certain confidence of working with glass so that you are comfortable cutting it and breaking it and you're not afraid all the time that you are going to cut yourself or end up in some disaster."
"Because to a certain degree, confidence is part of safety, being confident in what you are doing."
But at the same time you don't want to be so over confident that you forget where the sharp edges are or you forget to wear your safety glasses.
"So, just kind of think about that when you are working with the glass."
"One of the things about glass is because it is, glass is pretty strong but it's brittle, Okay."
"So, what that means is you shouldn't be afraid to work with glass."
"You shouldn't be afraid that it is just going to be breaking all the time but you do have to be careful with it, okay."
"So, a lot of the techniques in stained glass require you to actively break a piece of glass with your hands or with the pliers and you shouldn't be afraid of that because it is part of the technique."
"But, because it's brittle a lot of times it can break when you don't want it to so we want to talk about that a little bit."
"But also, obviously, broken glass can be very sharp, right?"
"I don't like really working with gloves because I feel like when you are doing artistic things it's nice to have your tactile senses to their maximum so, I personally wouldn't work with gloves and I don't think many stained glass workers do."
"So, you just kind of learn how to work with glass kind of knowing where the sharp edges are."
The next step is the hair analysis to decide which technique for dreadlocks we're going to use on Ashley.
And Ashley actually has very good hair and the reason I chose her is we can all of the techniques on Ashley.
Most black hair is very curly.
"If you notice she has a relaxed on her end, but if you look at the part that's not relaxed, it's very curly, very small little curls."
Now we're going to paint our board for our decoupage mirror.
Before you paint you want to make to rub off with a rag any of the dust from the sanding.
"Now, you can get all three on your first roll."
"But, if your first roll does not include a six and a five, than it won't matter if you got a four."
"Because you can't have crew, unless there's a captain to hire them, and you can't have a captain who doesn't have a ship."
"Ah, this two and this one."
"So, it's ship, captain, crew, cargo."
"But, I guess that would be too long a name for a game."
"So, it's just called ship, captain, and crew."
"But, remember, that I cannot use a four, until I first have a six, and then a five and than a four."
"You have used waterproof mascara, now how do you remove it?"
This is C.G.
"with ""Lips and More""."
How to get rid of or remove mascara that is waterproof.
Hi!
"Let it drip off a little bit, put it on a cookie grate over a plate so that the chocolate drips on it."
"They're a great treat especially for kids, but actually everybody likes it, especially chocolate lovers."
These are the chocolate chip cookies that I make that are in my book.
It's a very simple recipe.
Chunk chocolate.
"But if you want to add more chocolate for your chocolate lovers, the ganache comes in great for that."
"With the warm ganache, what I'm going to do is I'm just going to take the cookies."
"Now these are nice and firm because I had them in the refridgerator, and I'm going to dip them half way into the chocolate."
Okay.
"We want to talk to you a little bit about a pre-work inspection or a walk around, we like to call it."
"It's very important, any time you're going to use your tractor, don't assume that it's in the same condition that you left it in."
"We're good, it's full to the top."
We want to get it back on there nice and snug.
"So, we're good on radiator fluid, checking your battery, your leads are tight there and we'll just continue walking around the tractor."
Check the same thing on this side.
"We would check the tire pressure again, on both sides."
"Again, looking for any loose nuts and bolts, these frame bolts can be important."
"Tractors vibrate, they tend to, much more so, than an automobile so these things can loosen up on you."
We want to check our fluid level.
"You've got oil fill here, it may be different on your tractor and, for the interest of time we'll keep moving, but your oil fill."
"Your fuel level, we don't have much fuel here but that's enough for an hour or two of operation."
"Things can vibrate loose, tires can lose air pressure, and all those can create potential safety problems."
Be aware of that because running out of fuel can be a pain.
"Continuing on around the tractor, we're checking for loose fittings, loose nuts and bolts."
"Coming back to the back, with any implement that you have on the back of the tractor, it's important to keep these stabilizer chains adjusted."
"You want these to be nice and snug, that's what keeps the implement from swinging side to side and making contact with your tires, which is a potential way to break things."
"We've completed our walk around, we've done three hundred and sixty degrees, we don't see any major problems, we're ready to run it."
"We're going to talk around the tractor, show you the things that you can do, in just a couple of minutes, to make sure you're going to have a safe experience every time you run your tractor."
"On our walk around, as the name implies, we want to walk around the tractor and look for anything that might create a potential safety problem."
"You're wheel lugs look good, we don't see any leaks on the fuel line."
"We'll go ahead and up the hood up on this one, make sure your filter and everything is tight there."
"On your cooling system, you've got an overflow bottle here with a full and a low mark, but it's always a good idea, when the tractor's cold, of course, which this one is, to check in the radiator as well."
"I made a little bit of a mess there but that's not a big deal, we can wipe that up."
"The reason is, there's a hose here that allows this fluid to be drawn back into the radiator, as the system cools down, and if that hose becomes obstructed or comes loose inside of there, this fluid won't return back to the radiator, so you want to check that."
"Now, the first type of method of delivery is impromptu, and impromptu is where you and the topic meet for the first time and you have zero preparation time to speak about the particular topic."
"Now, there are actually lots of ways that you speak impromptu already."
"Sometimes, maybe in class or at work, or when you...wherever it is that you go, that you live, that you exist in the world when you are asked questions, and you have to answer them right on the spot."
"Of course I thought about school immediately, because let's say you've been given a chapter to read or a book to read and the teacher asks you a question about that chapter or book, you're going to answer and that's impromptu."
"So, it's also a speaking method, but it's something that you actually do in real life."
"Now, in UIL competitions there is sometimes impromptu speaking."
"Sometimes in a business setting or a personal setting you might have to give an impromptu speech, it's a birthday party and no one planned a speaker, no one planned a special occasion speech, so in that moment you are asked, ""Can you give a quick speech about Jim?"""
"Well, you don't have time to prepare so you're going to give an impromptu speech."
"SHANAY NORVELL: For bench dips, you may want to use a bench press machine or a flat bench as long as you have plenty of room for your legs."
"A great variation of the hurricane, is the hurricane 180 out."
"Basically it's the same trick that you get into, only now once you're in the hurricane or feeble position, you're going to keep traveling 180 and come back down forward."
"The hurricane 180 out is a very fun trick to do, because you go all the way around, get into the feeble grind, or the hurricane, and then you come back down forward."
"So in a way, it's almost like a 360 trick."
"So what you're going to want to do is set up in your feet a rolling fakie position, going up the ramp backwards, and just before you get to the top, you generate enough momentum to turn all the way around, and get into this feeble position."
"Lust is a many splendored thing, or is it?"
How to overcome lust.
"And I would say that if it begins to affect your life, then you may want to put the controls on it, and the way you control it is to satisfy the desire with someone who is meaningful."
"This is Doctor Paul, author of Boomer Girls: A Boomer Woman's Guide to Men and Dating and host of Ask Doctor Paul."
Lust by definition is connected with empty sex.
"If you choose to be a lustful person or whatever thing you lust for, not necessarily sex but maybe it's for a hot car, maybe it's for lusting for a career, lusting for a clothing, there are many ways of defining lust, but let's look at this focus on lusting sexually."
How to overcome lust.
First you must define what you're term lust is.
Lust may be a very temporary thing.
It may be a permanent thing but typically it's a temporary thing.
"It's not a longterm situation, normally it's a short term satisfied item that really is not going to affect your life."
All right.
"Now that we've kind of felt out where things are going to go on the head, we want to kind of get things in proportion."
"So, like I was saying in the last class, the eyes are actually pretty low here, so I want to bring the eyebrows down a little bit so the eyes are in proportion with the size of the head."
"So, I?m just bringing these, the bone of the skull down a little bit to where the eyes set more in proportion."
I have my white rice here I cooked from the night before.
"If you don't want to eat the white rice because it's a little bit unhealthy for you, you can do brown rice."
My mom in her old age is having this whole thing about no white rice.
"She's very Cuban and she makes a delicious brown rice, and she goes ahead and puts the picadillo over it."
Delicious fluffy white rice.
This is what we traditionally put our picadillo with.
The white rice and picadillo go hand in hand; they go together.
You place it on the plate.
"Well actually, you can also put on the side like in Spanish restaurants."
They'll put the rice in here and picadillo here.
I'm going to do it this way.
I'm going to go ahead and put the rice here.
Woman: I already took it out of the ground.
"Man: Ugh.. Woman: It's already.. Man: But no, I'll fix it."
I can fix it.
"Ok, now over here we have the squash cantaloupes, okay?"
This is a new thing.
My cousin just made it.
Woman 2: Oh hi.
"Look guys, lets go play squash ball."
"Woman: Yeah, yeah, ok, alright right here."
"Man: Yeah, see."
Alright (laughs)
It's not the fur that people are allergic to but the proteins and they shed the same proteins that all cats have.
That enzyme that people respond to as an allergen.
"So when your looking into whether or not you are allergic to this kind of cat, you want to make sure to spend some time with him."
The truth is all other cats shed.
"The shedding is a natural part of being a cat and in fact it's an important part of being a cat if our cat isn't shedding, that tells you that something is going on with your cat that's not right."
They maybe ill and they may need some medical attention.
"For cats that do have fur, there are lots of tools that can help you reduce the shedding."
There are plenty of products like this that claim to help reduce shedding.
"Usually it's a matter if they have a lot of vitamins, and omega three fatty acids."
"Basically they're supplements that help maintain a high quality of skin care for the cat which helps reduce the dander because the less dry skin, which helps reduce shedding."
The other thing that's really important for your cat especially if you have a medium to long haired cat is to groom the cat properly.
This is a great tool.
"This is a rake, you just rake it over the back of the cat's fur and you'd be amazed how much fur you can pull out of the coat."
"I usually like to follow that up with, this is a greyhound comb, has the tines that are closer together then further apart, so you can use the tines that are further apart across the coat first and then switch over to the tines that are closer together as you pull out more fur."
"If you end up with a mat, this is a mat splitter that you can use to, to gently lift the mat out."
You just want to be careful not to hurt the cat.
And then of course there's the ever important flea comb.
"There's other tools, like there's all kinds of gloves like this that you can use to help just pull that fur out, pull that fur out and just expose of it."
"You might be able, for example to have fun backgrounds."
You might be able to attach interesting surrounds to it.
"And of course, you should always be able to upgrade the camera."
So start with a cheap camera.
"And then you can always upgrade, later."
Durability is also a big feature for kids.
"So go on-line, check reviews and choose a camera which is going to stand up, to some hard use."
"At the beginning of course, it's probably best to choose a very simple point and shoot camera."
"However, later on, you can always upgrade to a camera which has facilities such as an optical or digital zoom."
Which will have anti red eye facility.
And perhaps is got a built in macro attachment on it.
"If you really have the money, you might even be able to afford image stabilization."
"Lastly, don't worry too much about mega pixels."
Try to find a camera that's easier to use.
"The easier it is to use, the better your child will like it."
"And remember lastly, don't buy a camera that you like."
Because they will probably hate it.
Before I apply the wax to the face I want to test the temperature of it.
"If you burn the skin on the face, if the wax is too hot, it will burn and it will scab and it will take several days to heal and sometimes scar, so you don't want to do that."
"What you're actually looking for is the wax to be thick enough, see, to not drip off the stick."
That's the thickness that you're looking for.
"If it runs off, it's too hot, sometimes the edges are a little thicker, if it doesn't run off that's ready to go, that wax is the right temperature to put on your face."
"Again if you're not sure, test the wax on the inside of your wrist and I would recommend doing a test, a heat test until you're familiar with what's not too hot."
You definitely don't want to burn yourself.
So test your temperature of your wax before you touch your face.
So take the time to test the temperature of the wax.
"Start by dipping your stick in and if the wax, pours straight off, I'm going to do this a couple of times so you can see, if the wax pours straight off that's way too hot to go on the face."
There's no wax staying on the stick so I can't use that wax.
"Another way to do that is, remember how you used to test, some people remember how you test a baby's bottle."
You touch it to the inside of your wrist.
"That's too hot, you don't put that on the face."
Your face is more sensitive than any other area and the only other area that is even close to that is right here to the inside of your wrist.
So if that's too warm for there then it's definitely too warm for your face.
"And, what we're going to do."
"We're going to squat down, hold it and jump up."
Squat and jump.
"Squat, jump."
Be sure to breathe.
You really get deep on that squat.
Feel it in the legs.
Keep your arms up.
"You keep your arms nice and out, so they get strengthened this really gives you a cardiovascular exercise because of the jump."
"And, it also strengthens the legs like crazy."
"Also, the arms are nice and strong and getting stronger from holding them out with resistance."
"So, those are squat jumps."
"So, we're going to do Squat Jumps next."
"And, we're going to use our resistance bands to keep ourselves steady and balanced using each other."
"Also, strengthening the arms while doing it."
"So, I'm going to demonstrate."
Grace and I are going to demonstrate how to do Squat Jumps using your resistance bands.
"So, our arms are nice and straight and out."
Our elbows are locked.
"So, you want to keep your speed up too."
"So, if you see a lot of deep powder and you need to ride through it or you want to go out riding in deep powder, try to plan your track way ahead, so that, that way you can keep your speed up, cause otherwise, you could sink down and then you'll be digging your sled out."
Hi!
"Sometimes if you just apply lip liner, you can just apply gloss throughout the day and it's going to keep that shape on the lips."
"For brides, a lot of times I'll actually use the lip liner as lip stick."
"Because it is so long wearing or a little bit dryer on the lips, it deposits that pigment very deep."
Our first step is to of course choose our pigment.
"Because we went with a little bit more smokey eye, we're going to go with a little bit subtle lip."
I'm actually going to start on the corner here and I'm going to work my way up just sort of feathering in.
"Now, just doing a very dramatic line up, again, you're going to lose that intergrity of the lip and then follow that lower line just to create a little bit of definition."
"Again, if you were creating that long wearing effect, at this point you could go ahead and apply all over the lip."
Watch our next segment on applying lip color.
"On our next segment, I'm going to be showing lip liner application."
"When applying lip liner, our clients tend to make the same mistake."
That mistake is to actually start our application from here and go down.
What that's going to do is it's going to cut off the lips.
"If we were to start from the corner and go up, we almost always never give up the integrity of the shape."
That's the technique we're going to follow today.
"A lot of time lip liner gets left far behind, but the amazing part about lip liner is that it's long wearing."
It also creates a definition that's going to last all day.
I'll show you in this segment how to repair a torn painting.
"Take a look at this beautiful painting, this beautiful work of art is from the nineteen twenties."
"Obviously if from the front you've got no damage, you have no visible damage, the repair has been adequately."
Let me give you an example.
"From first glance as a connoisseur of art, and as a person who loves art, you really can't tell there's anything wrong with it."
"The only way to be in a museum and know if a painting has had any damage, is not to look at it from the front, because sometimes the front has been repaired so well that you can't tell."
There are two ways to do it.
"Number one, you use a light, a blue light, and black light the painting and then what happens is you can tell if there's been any in painting done in the painting."
If there's in painting that will show up.
Almost like something fluorescent.
"The other which is what they don't want you to see for the most part, is the back of a painting."
Because from the back of the painting you know if there's been any repairs and if the repairs have been done well.
In this clip I want to talk to you about when to scrub your skin.
People often ask me do I scrub my skin in the morning?
"Again, for oily skin you can go four to seven times a week."
"For mature skin, every day with a gentle scrub."
"For sensitive skin, you want to do it like once, two times a week."
Do I scrub my skin at night?
I like to do it at night because you really have the time to dedicate to your skin.
"In the morning, everyone?s getting ready for work."
They don't have time.
They're rushing.
"In the night time, you really have time to focus and give yourself a thorough massage and really get those dead skin cells off."
"Also, throughout the day, especially living in a city, you have an accumulation of dead skin cells and dirt on your skin so we want to make sure that you remove that in the evening before you go to bed and scrubbing is really a great way to do so as opposed to just using a cleanser."
"So definitely I want to reiterate nighttime and you're going to want to scrub depending on your skin type, one to seven times a week."
"This is Richard Goms, we're here in Murray, Utah and we're talking about basic car care."
"I'd like to show you, or discuss the difference between synthetic oil and regular oil."
"Now, we have a bottle of regular oil here and we have a bottle of synthetic oil, internally, they look the same but as far as how they work, they work differently."
If you were at a restaurant for example.
The hearing aid will pick up sounds in front of the listener better than what's going on behind or beside the listener.
"If you're sitting across the table from someone in a restaurant, you're going to hear the voice of the person you're talking to loudest, then the noise that's happening beside or behind you."
One of the biggest challenges that people wear hearing aids have is hearing in noise.
"Up until, you know, the last decade, there weren't a lot of very good solutions for dealing with the issue of hearing in noise with a hearing aid."
"Over the last few years, there have been a couple of developments that have really improved that situation."
Perhaps the most significant development is the directional microphone.
The directional microphone allows the hearing aid wearer to pick up sounds in one direction more than in any other direction.
Hi!
That is always moistened over here even on hot dried summer days.
"Now the other things that I need to consider is where does the sun rise, where does the sunset, how does the sun move through my garden through the day."
Because of that in my garden I started with lower plants over to one side and I work over the higher plants on the other side and that allows the plants to get light continually throughout the day without shading one another out.
Another consideration for me cause I have such a small garden was other garden surfaces that I can use and you could see back behind here I have gone vertical in my garden and I grow my beans up that to maximize the little garden space that I do have.
With just a little for thought and with just a little bit of concentration you can look and find the right place in your yard for your garden and figure out the plants that you want to grow.
Sure I wanted to add 12 tomatoes but looking over my garden I had room for 6.
"Be realistic when your obsessive your garden and the space that you have in it, play it accordingly and your garden would reward you with great vegetables all summer long."
Hi!
Lets talk for a couple of minutes about designing your garden.
I think it is one of the things that people over look when they are building there vegetable gardens but it is one of those things that are going to lead to a long term success or a failure if you don't get it right.
So what are the things that plants really needs?
Well one of the things that they need is light and water.
When I laid out my vegetable garden I found the sun is placed in my yard and that is where my vegetable garden went.
Now I did it here for a couple of other reasons to we have talked about water this is one of the places in my yard where the surface water tends to feed off.
I have even directed some of the down spout from my house to this area because I have a raised bed garden that was a consideration of my design I can take the water move it right in this garden area and it helps keep the garden deep watered.
Now we are going to sew our bear body together.
With the outside facing each other so I have the inside of the bear facing on the outside.
They call this right side together.
"First, I want to slice a hole in the back that we are going to use for the stuffing."
So take the back bear section this is the front bear section is the one that we embroider on.
The back bear section is plain and just fold it in half.
Slice about a inch into there.
So you have a two inch slice on the back and that is what we would use that hole for when we want to stuff the bear.
Now look for the outside of the fabric.
This fabric does have that inside and outside.
"You want to put the bears together, the bear sections together."
Are you not a lines guy or gal?
Are straight edges and getting that really nice straight line just difficult for you to get?
You want to make sure that there are not little white barriers kind of sneaking around here and escaping your painting brush.
"Now, after we've done this, and we're satisfied and we're really happy with the painting layer we have on here, the tape is surrounded so we don't have to worry about if there is any edges we want to get on later on."
"Now, we're going to take the tape off."
Some people wait for the tape to dry.
It depends kind of on what you're doing.
Be very gentle and pull away the first strip.
"Now, let's pull away the second strip."
"And you can see, voila, those wonderful, straight lines you've always wanted."
"Well, there's a nice technique you can use which is called masking."
Here you go.
You can do this when you can combine different layers of paint or maybe you're just going to use this as a guideline.
Now you can fill this in yourself.
"You can do multiple layers of this, getting really cool cascading, very nice, straight lined effects for you paintings."
It basically involves obviously some painting but also some tape applied to your canvas.
"First, take off a couple strips of masking tape."
"Now, make sure that the tape you use is either artist tape or is like a type of, most masking tapes should be fine but you don't want duct tape because you could actually rip the surface of your canvas or actually, just your entire canvas in two because that stuff is industrial strength stick."
You put your masking tape on here.
"Now, we're going to fill around here with paint."
"And just go nuts on this, you know."
Hi!
In this video clip I will be showing you step 1 for installing a smoke detector.
Now there should be a smoke detector installed in every room of your house including every hallway.
This room does not have a smoke detector in it so we need to find a good location for it.
The smoke detector that I have chosen happens to detect smoke and carbon monoxide.
"If you take a look at the packing, you will notice that this is designed for 4 bedrooms."
"They do have other smoke detectors that are designed for kitchens, hallways or other rooms of the house."
"I am going to be installing the smoke detector towards the door of this room in the event that there was a fire outside of this room, the smoke would come down the hallway and come in raised to the ceiling right in front of that door and set that smoke detector off first."
"Okay so from here what we're going to do is sew this closed and you know as you can see the green is on the inside, the black is on the outside."
I don't want black thread showing on my green fabric because it's really pretty and I just want something that matches like this thread that I chose.
I like to back stitch on these straps also.
You can't never sew the straps too many times.
We're almost done here.
"Okay, all we have left to do now is to sew two buttons on; one on the inside and one on the outside."
If you notice it's a really good color for that.
And the outside of course is going to be black.
"So I have you know this funky little color for the green on top, the black is on bottom."
I'm going to go ahead and sew this closed.
You just line these up together.
I like to start right here on the button catch.
Sew that.
And we're just going to go right around the lip.
"Okay so as you can see we have our plant pot here, it's been drying on our racks for a little while."
"And we will see if it's, there we go, yes it's popped right off of there."
"And to make my life easier, what I like to do is take a pencil and simply draw some concentric lines on the bat."
You can do this with water or different kinds.
Some bats come with rings already on them to help with this.
But as you can see I'm simply giving myself some concentric circles.
"Now I'm going to take my plant pot and turn it upside down like this, and then take it down on to the bat and line it up with one of those circles."
This really does make life so much easier in the long run.
Because now we already have the pot basically centered on the wheel.
"Okay so we have our pot on the wheel, turned upside down."
And we're ready to center this pot onto the wheel.
And I will be showing you how to do that next.
So now we can see what we have is a pot that is ready to be trimmed.
And to trim this pot I would like to quickly give some tips on how to make this a quick and easy process.
What I have here is just a regular bat on the wheel.
"We can get different kinds of bats for trimming, some come with a piece of carpet or felt on top."
So that we can place a pot on and it won't slip around.
They also make what's called a giffen grip which has a gear inside it.
Which will center the pot for you as you turn the wheel.
However I just have a regular bat here that you'll find in any ceramic studio.
Hi.
"He's going to try to pull his bellybutton in lengthen through his spine, and he's going to lift his legs up, finding that perfect point of balance."
Good.
"Then he's going to bring his heels together for the kiss, and notice that his hands are in guion mudra."
The thumb represents the universe.
"The forefinger represents the chi line, or energy line, that runs from the tip of the finger all the way to his heart."
Thereby connecting Willy's heart to the heart of the universe.
Very nice.
"He's going to release this pose, releasing his hands, taking his feet down, extending his legs back out into his dendawsama."
And that was the Yoga Kiss.
This is Willy.
Willy is going to help me demonstrate the Yoga Kiss.
"Willy is seated in dandawson, lengthening from the tailbone to the crown of the head."
"He's squeezing through his thighs, pulling his calves into his shins, pressing through his heels and pulling his toes back towards his knees."
"He's going to bend his knees, and bring his heels out a little bit wider than his hips."
Good.
"He's going to inhale and reach his arms forward, and he's going to take them around and place them on the ground underneath his legs."
Good.
Today I would like to talk to you about traveling with your pet rat.
"You can put it on your back or your front, as you carry your rat with you and you can put multiple rats in here, unless he decides to chew out."
This is a wonderful carrier.
"These carriers should not be left with your rat alone anywhere, because they can chew the cloth and get out of the rat carrier and then he would be gone."
You should not leave your rat unattended in a car or anywhere.
"The second one I am going to show you is this carrier, this is my favorite one."
"This has a little door, so put your rat in the little door, and zip it up."
"And it has lots of different windows, it has plastic windows, and doors that also opens this way."
"It has two handles, this is like the Gucci bag to rat carriers."
You can also carry multiple rats in this carrier.
"The third one I am going to show you is a cat carrier, you can buy this to put your cat or chihuahua dog in."
"Pet rats love to go places with you, they are very intelligent, and they love to travel and they love to be with their friends."
"This one is a little fancier, and it is not as secure as the other carriers are, since the rat can get out of this one, but it is awfully pretty."
You put your rat inside and zip it up.
"But as you can see, you rat can sneak out in the front."
"It is not as secure as the other carriers, but as long as you are not leaving your rat unattended, they cannot get out and disappear on you."
It is fun to take your pet rat to your friend's house or maybe you may be going to the veterinarian or maybe you may be going to a rat show.
I have here four different travel cases for your rat.
"This one is an awesome one, I love this one, the top of it zips open."
It has a little window in it so your rat can get air.
So you put your rat in the travel carrier and you can zip it up.
And there is no way for your rat to get out unless he chews his way out.
The great thing about this one is that it is a back pack.
Hi this is Brenda and today we are working on our pop-up cards.
Project today will be a snowman.
The secret to this project is when you are drawing on the snowman you need to make some little tabs on his arms like this and those little tabs are what you are going to glue to the card stock and that is going to be holding him down to the card stock.
"You will notice that hes got a fold also up this half like this so that when you fold it over, he will pop out at you."
This is what it looks like from the side angle.
So those little tabs if you can see underneath are just glued to the index card like this and folded in so that you cant really see them but they hold him into the card.
Ive added some glitter to look like snow.
Ive embellished it with a few little snowflakes.
You can use different colors if you like.
"We use our under liner like this to cover up any cuttings so that you cant see where you cut into the snowman so that when our recipient opens the card like this, the snowman will pop out at him like this."
"We will need our 5 x 8 index cards, some glitter, glue, markers, scissors and we are ready to begin."
We need to fold our 5 x 8 index card in half like this and we will also have a under liner.
It is also a 5 x 8.
It can be any color that you like and it will be covering up our cuttings that we are going to be making on our index cards.
First we will take our marker; any color that you like.
"Just going to draw a simple little snowman; two little circles, a little hat like this, some eyes, a little nose and we will be cutting him out."
"For times sake, I am going to show you the finished product like this."
Heres our little snowman.
Hi I'm Amelia and I'm going to discuss how to straighten curly hair.
There are several ways to do it.
In other words a straightening shampoo and a straightening balm.
What a straightening balm is going to do is it is actually going to coat the hair.
"They usually have silicones in them and that actually coats the hair shafts, fills up the holes if you will to prevent frizz and keep the humidity out."
What a flat iron is going to do is it is actually going to go in and squish if you will really flatten out these cuticle layers so that way it gets that hair extremely straight and it will stay straight.
The only problem with flat irons is a lot of times they are overused so when using a flat iron always make sure that you use some sort of heat protection.
"Either something you apply wet or dry prior to flat ironing in order to really protect that hair from that heat because that heat just directly on the hair shaft and it is basically like baking the hair so you just want to make sure that whichever one you choose, you always use some sort of protection on your hair."
First there are chemicals.
You can use a relaxer and apply it to the hair and it will chemically break down the bonds and straighten the curly hair.
The other way is with a straightening balm and heat.
"Any type of heat and tension on the curly hair will actually pull it straight and another way, a third way is to use the flat iron."
With the relaxer you just want to be sure that you don't double up on chemical services.
You don't want to have already bleached or colored your hair in order to get the best results.
You always want to make sure that that hair hasn't been touched by any other chemical service because that way it will stay the longest and also your hair won't have any breakage.
With the blow dryer you always want to make sure that you are using straightening products.
I'm going to go over with you some of the elements and principles of design.
"Having taught art for twenty some odd years, there are certain basic things that every person interested in learning to paint or to draw needs to know."
"I tell my students constantly that you can get a photographic likeness, but f you do not have a good composition is not a good painting."
"So, remember the composition, actually there are two things, composition color are the keys to painting."
"So today we are going to start talking about composition, which is basic and is used for every medium, in both painting and drawing and every type of medium used, water color, gash, acrylic, etc."
Stay tuned for the next segment where I will begin to explain the elements of design.
"In this next segment, I want to talk to you about the trailer hitch lighting."
The trailer has lights so you've got to be able to plug it in to your vehicle lights.
"When we're talking about trailer lights, I've already shown you one type of trailer light, where it plugs in and it's integrated in with the braking system of the trailer but if you don't have a vehicle with trailer brakes or a trailer with trailer brakes this is probably the plug that you're going to be seeing."
"It's a little four, flat, four pin plug."
"It's pretty common, most vehicles have them."
This is what's going to be on your vehicle and it's very simple to use.
"You can't go wrong, there's one pin that's different than the rest and you'll just simply plug it in to your trailer, like so, when you're ready to go."
So when you hook it up make sure you plug your lights in so the people behind you can see what you're doing.
"You have brake lights, turn signals, so you can warn the people behind you when you're stopping."
This vehicle came with a towing package installed on it so because it came with a towing package it also has trailer brakes.
This is the kind of plug in that you're going to have for trailer brakes.
"It's larger and more round and it's got like a 5 pin plug in, 6 pin plug in inside."
"So when you plug it in, you're trailer brakes will actually operate off of the vehicle itself."
Some vehicles you're going to have to wire the brakes yourself.
You're going to have to wire the lights yourself.
"The, like possibly on a Ford Ranger, you can buy a plug and it plugs into your wiring harness so you don't have to splice any wires but some vehicles don't come with that capability, so what you're going to have to do is you're going to have to actually splice into the brake lamp wiring inside of the trunk of the vehicle."
We're gonna roll this beautiful hair today.
Or maybe the customer wants a more tighter curl.
Wavy like Hollywood now in days and she might want something like this or this.
There's many different types of rollers you know.
"I use the smooth type so it doesn't tangle in the hair and it doesn't cause any damage, okay."
Because if it tangles in it you can't get a smooth look.
She has curly hair but it tense to frizz a lot.
"So a great way to control frizz is to do a great roller set, a good roller set."
"But it really is essential to learn to roll a set properly when you are dealing with curly hair, wavy hair, or frizzy hair."
So we're going to go ahead and look at the hair and see which kind of rollers we want to use.
"Also, ask the customer what kind of wave she wants her hair to flow."
Maybe she wants a straighter look.
"When I roll it, so I'll use big rollers."
Somewhat like this.
I'm going to go ahead and have a little bit of this now.
I have not had my salmon yet but I can tell that little bit of cheese that hit the salad is delicious.
I'm going to take some of the salad with that with the garlic and a little bit of the cheese.
"It is nice and moist again, if you like your salmon to be like this."
"I cook it thorough, some people like it more pink."
I would be more of a deeper pink.
I like it cooked like this cause I like the little toasty to the salmon.
This is the way to eat this just go ahead and dig in.
"If you've ever seen somebody cart wheeling effortlessly in a hole, it's because they've dialed in their boat control and their body movements."
There's 3 main body movements we can do in our kayaks without using our kayak paddle.
One is forward and back motion.
"One is side-to-side motion, or edges, and the third is our torso rotation moving side to side."
"If somebody is cart wheeling cleanly, the timing of these 3 allow them to keep pulling their boat around in circles."
"To demonstrate this, I'll move my boat without even taking a stroke."
"This is the ultra clean drill, and what we're doing is making small scooping motions with our boat by using our boat edges."
"Forward and back leans to help encourage our ends underneath the water, and torso rotation to pull our boat into each turn."
"The more aggressive you get with it, the more vertical you can become."
Here we have a really fun style of skirt.
"Sometimes it boarders on trendy, sometimes it doesn't, it just depends."
It's all how you reference it and how you design around it.
"We have an asymmetric skirt, asymmetric meaning it's not the same length all around."
"This one, I've chosen to depict one that is short in the front than it is in the back."
"A easy way to render this, when you're drawing it, decide, of course, where you want your waistline, then decide how short or how long you want the front part of your skirt to be."
"I want my front part of my skirt to be right there, well that's a little short."
"I want the front part of my skirt to be right there and I want the back part, as I said earlier, to be longer."
"The easiest way to do that and have it look three dimensional, is to dip it down behind the legs, from the corners."
"That way, if you're looking at something straight on, you can see that it is longer in the back."
This is what's known as a fort.
A lot of times it's just simply an enclosure made with found and scavenged materials.
The key here is that you have a little bit of additional cover from just about every direction and you can see in just about every direction.
"A lot of times the strength in a position like this for a game like protect the VIP, it's pretty essential that you have more than one person because you can be flanked from any direction that you can't see."
"So in a case like VIP, you would be trying to get your VIP into this location and then hold this location for a set period of time, after which if the enemy hasn't taken your VIP out of the game, you win the game."
"Like bunkers, it's very easy to get trapped in a structure like this and not be able to get back out."
"So one of the things you want to try to remember is, ""what's your evasion plan going to be."""
"If you're overwhelmed from this position, how are you going to get out and get away on that side."
That's the key to not getting shot inside a bunker or a fort.
As there are chances of getting the wooden particles and getting into the food when your cutting any food on the wooden cutting board.
We should always make sure that the fiber cutting board is always clean before and after use.
We should never cut any food preparation on a table top cause as it may make your knife bland.
These are international standards but when you are cutting or handling any ready to eat food it should be handle using a gloves.
"We are going to grab a regular cutting knife for cutting onion, we should always make sure that the knife is sharp before you start cutting the vegetable."
As that there more chances of cutting your fingers with a bland knife then a sharp knife.
We are going to need a cutting board.
Make sure that he cutting board is a fiber cutting board and not a wooden cutting board.
There are lots of online suppliers that you can buy from.
Good quality henna is always kept refrigerated and it's fresh and usually dated by the year that it's harvested.
"We have been talking about how to wear your wigs, how to take care of them, how to store them."
The cap does help keep your wig clean but it is not necessary.
One of the things that I always tell people is if you don't like to wear a cap underneath your wig don't.
There is no right or wrong way to do it.
You know just make sure your hair is neatly tucked in under your wig and play with it.
Some people really need the cap to feel that security that it gives you.
Some people it drives them crazy you know play with it and see what works best for you.
"You want to be comfortable, you want to be able to wear your wig and have fun with it and just be comfortable with it."
"You don't want it to be a nescient so if the cap is bothering your, if it is making your head feel really tight take it off."
"It is not going to make your wig look back, it is not going to hurt it at all."
YOLANDA VANVEEN: Hi.
"So, I'm not afraid to buy bulbs that have a little bit of a shoot."
"Sometimes, if it's really tall and falling over and it doesn't look that good, the greenery, then I would still buy it 'cause the bulb is what matters."
"So, you can always cut off the greenery."
You might not get a bloom this year but you still got a bulb for years to come.
"And if there's no sign of growth but it's still firm, it's still fine as long as it's firm and it's not mushy; that's the deal."
"Plants like Amaryllis belladonnas; they're kind of a soft bulb, kinda spongy even so sometimes people will say, ""How come it's spongy?"
"What's wrong with it?"" and I always tell them, ""There's nothing wrong with it."" It is a fine bulb. It looks alive."
"Next, I'm going to talk about how to select flower bulbs."
I can always take my fingernail and kinda rub a part of it and it's still gotten like a potato inside.
This bulb is fine.
If it was dry or black or mushy then it would be no good.
These are Scilla peruvianas or Cuban Lilies they call them sometimes.
"They've got a shoot, they don't bloom till April or May so, even in the winter time, middle of winter, I plant them, and they're great 'cause the foliage will come out and they'll look really good even through the winter."
This looks like a fine bulb.
There are lots of babies so I got quadruplets.
"So, instead of a mom and babies, I've got quadruplets."
"So, there have been a lot of scientific studies done that say keeping bulbs in family units, they produce much better than one by itself or just separating one or mixing them up with other bulbs, but if you try to keep them even when dividing into same groups, they seem to do much better."
Daffodils are beautiful plants too.
"When you're at the farmers market or the grocery store or anywhere where you actually have the choice to pick out a flower bulb, there are different things that I look for to find out if it is a good flower bulb and if it's going to produce for me."
"Same thing, if you've got a mama and a baby, that's a bonus bulb."
"You've got a family unit and she's going to do much better and you're going to have many, many, many more plants over the years."
"So, those are a few tips on selecting bulbs."
Let's talk about what kinds of problems or what should I do if the bulb doesn't look very good.
Tulip bulbs are pretty simple to check out.
"If it looks like a Hershey's Kiss candy, it's firm, it's got a nice point to it, it looks like some roots are actually starting to grow on it, this is considered a good bulb."
These are Alliums; they're in the onion family.
"If it looks kinda fleshy, it's got paper on it although even the paper around the bulb, if it's gone, and the bulb still looks fine, it's still a fine bulb; there's nothing wrong with it."
I got Dutch Iris; it's already staring to shoot.
"Well, it's January and I want it to bloom this spring, so it's a great bulb to pick out for right now, and even if it had a little bit of a shoot in the fall, over the winter, my irises are very hardy that even if it freezes or there's snow on them, there's a little shoot coming out of the ground in the middle of winter; it doesn't hurt them at all."
"In this exercise, we will be working the hamstrings very heavily."
"What we are going to do, is begin by putting the ball under our legs and laying flat on our back."
Exhale.
Close the ribcage and come up.
Inhale.
Hold.
Exhale.
Push the ball out.
Inhale.
Bring it in and come down.
Exhale.
Up.
"So, support the abs."
Inhale.
Hold.
Exhale.
Out.
Inhale.
In.
"And, exhale down."
"Now, this exercise can be advanced by doing it with just one leg."
Close the ribcage.
Curl down to come flat on your back and bring the ball under your legs.
"From here, extend the ball out to ninety degrees."
"Now, you want your feet kind of on the side of the ball."
We are going to go ahead and bridge up in one move.
Rather than articulate the spine.
"So, take a nice inhale."
Chipping the ball is not a very hard skill to learn.
It just takes practice.
"When practicing, just remember to aim for the bottom part of the ball, letting your foot get completely underneath it, so that the ball can come up in the air, and that's how you chip a soccer ball."
This clip is about writing a story.
It?s not enough for me to tell you that Coach K is one of the most successful coaches in the history of college basketball.
It's not new information if I tell you that Bobby Knight has a temper.
So I have to tell you why Bobby Knight has a temper.
I have to tell you why in 1983 this happened and Bobby Knight's been mad ever since.
You have to tell the audience something that they don't know when you're writing a story.
"When you're writing an introduction to a story, you want to tease them; you want to bring them along slowly."
You kind of want to leave gold coins.
That?s a phrase that I had a professor who used it.
He calls it gold coins.
When you're telling a story you want to drop gold coins that will catch the audience's attention or will make them even more interested in the story itself.
When you're writing a story your best friends are either pen and paper or your fingers and a keyboard.
"So when writing a story, remember, in the lead, the intro, you kind of want to lead them into it, tease them but don't give them too much information."
But give them just enough that they want to keep watching.
"And during the story itself, give them something they've never seen before or they might not know."
That's the key to successful story telling; telling the audience something that they don't already know.
Remember when you're doing a story on a basketball player; try to to have footage of that basketball player.
It's called b roll.
You run that over the interview so that the audience can see what you are talking about.
You can make your video match your audio.
You can try to find this footage on satellite dish or server at your TV station or maybe the high school basketball coach has footage on this guy.
So try to have footage of whatever it is you are talking about because it only enhances your story-telling.
Now we're getting electronic with it so you have palm pilots and other places that you can write a story.
When you can match the audio to the video you can tell a successful story because then the audience can see what you're talking about.
They don't have to rely on your words.
They can see it.
The proof is in the video.
So remember that.
"Successful story-telling; lead them in, give them something they don't already know, have them have videos so they can match the audio so they can see it as well and be quick."
Be precise and be accurate.
That's how you successfully write a story.
But you have to be prepared.
You always have to travel with a pen and notepad.
Even if you're an on-camera reporter you always have to be able to take notes.
Also micro-recorders work too.
"When you are writing a story you obviously want to get the who, what, when and the how."
But the key to successful story telling is telling the audience something that they don't already know.
"Today we're going to be learning how to play Portal, a game by Valve Software."
"After they bounce back and forth enough times, they'll dissipate and you'll have to get another one."
"So, you have to take that into account when you're thinking about transporting the balls from one place to another."
"Now, this orange portal is closed because we haven't placed a blue portal yet."
But as soon as we place a blue portal this will open and this ball will go into the orange portal and come out of the blue portal wherever we place it.
"So, here's a power ball receptacle and what we want to do, as the icon shows, is get the ball to go into that thing."
"What we need to do then, is place a blue portal above it so that when the power ball goes into the orange it will come out of the blue and go right into the receptacle."
"I guess it went in there while we weren't looking and it activated this, which lowered this elevator which we can get on."
And now it's going to allow us to move on to the next test chamber.
"So, this idea of placing portals at different places and times to get balls into the power generators is a critical concept to moving forward in the world of Portal."
And that's this test chamber.
A company with which I have no affiliation.
"Now here we are in the 6th test chamber, where things get a little bit more complicated still."
We can see there's a new icon that lights up here.
"We've got this little circular energy ball, which can hit me and kill me, which isn't a good thing."
And then there's the circular energy ball can also go into a power conduit where the ball provides power to change something about the level.
"So, from here on out we're going to have to be dealing with these things quite a bit."
"Now if we look over here, this is a power ball dispenser."
"And you can see that the power balls bounce back and forth between portals which are closed or the wall or the dispenser, but they only last a certain amount of time."
What's up guys?
"Finally as we get down with our snowman here you know the snow is going to melt you are going to loose your snowman here, so it is always really important if you are proud of the work that you did make sure you get some pictures done."
"Get a bunch of pictures taken with you, with your friends, with the rest of the snow family everything to remember the snow man that you just built."
"Even if you want to, you can dress up as a snowman you can match him."
Put on another jersey and a bandanna whatever you like to do.
"In our next clip we're going to discuss and I'm going to show you some steps, on trying to move in half a step."
"Everything I like to do in boxing, I like to tell my boxers, is to try to do it in just a half a step increment."
Everything done in half steps.
"Half a step with one foot, half a step with the other."
"Half a step with one foot, half a step with the other."
"If you take a full step with one foot and then a half a step with the other, you're still too far spread apart."
"Your heels should be shoulder-width apart, no less, and only more when you're advancing, okay?"
"So whether you're going to the side, or whether you're going backwards, or whether you're going to the other side, or whether you're going forward, try to do everything in little half a steps."
"Half a step with one foot, follow it with a half a step with the other foot."
You're going to be less predictable that way.
You're going to get less tired that way.
"Hi my name is Dave Andrews, today I'm going to show you some tips on using a laptop computer."
Now the first thing that I would do when using a laptop is to consider the surface that my laptop is going to be sitting on the majority of the time.
And also when you shut the top on your laptop that's going to cause it to go into standby mode.
When you open it back up it will recover from that standby mode.
My name is Dave Andrews and I've just given you some tips on using a laptop.
It requires that air get up under that laptop in order to blow hot air out and to keep the laptop from overheating.
Another thing to consider when using your laptop is your battery life.
"If you are going to be carrying your laptop around with you, you are probably not going to leave it charged up or plugged into the charger all the time."
"So you want to consider some things like when you are using a laptop maybe reduce the brightness on the screen a little bit, I'll pull something out so you can see."
"That brightness is a little bit less, and I'm using a key combination on the laptop of the function key and on mine it's the f seven and f eight buttons that will increase and then decrease the brightness on that screen."
Now what that's going to do is reduce the amount of energy is used to power your screen on your laptop and possibly make your battery life last longer.
Now my next tip for you is when you are not using your laptop just shut the top on the laptop.
You don't want to leave that laptop on all the time because it will burn in an image on the screen after you know months and months of using it.
Today I'll be talking about different gift ideas.
First I'll be talking about gift ideas for boyfriends.
Another great gift is a car sound system.
"They would usually range from about $400-$1,000 and over; it just depends what kind you get."
My boyfriend actually received that as a gift.
He liked it a lot because he tended to like to show it off and that is mainly why he wanted so it kind of boost his ego a little bit.
But they would love you if you bought them a sound system.
Make sure that it has a MP3 jack that you can plug an I pod in and the big speakers that go in the back.
"To make it even more extravagant, you can add a DVD pop out player, just all sorts of things if you want to go all out on this gift."
Alright we're going to explain a little bit about making spares.
"This is a one pin spare and it's the six pin, it's on the right hand side of the lane."
So practice and practice.
"The only way to learn every spare, and there's hundreds of different types of spares you need to make, so it takes a lot of practice."
But find the right place to stand for every spare for your game.
"Now I'll show you, I have a one, a two, and a six."
"Now anytime, I have the head pin up, I'll throw a strike ball, okay?"
"So if I got the head pin up, most of the times I'll throw my strike ball, because that's going to take out the head pin and anything else."
"On this particular spare, I know my game and I'm going to move a little to the right, try to let my ball go to the left hand side of that head pin so I'm sure to make all three pins."
That's nice when a plan comes together.
"Do it right, you'll get it done."
The best way to make a spare is cross alley.
"Six pin is on the right hand lane, so I'm going to stand on the left."
"The four pin is the opposite side, it's on the left hand, I would stand on my right."
Let's show you how I make the six pin.
"I'm going to stand all the way on the left hand part of the lane, I'm going to draw an imaginary line from the arrows to my pin."
I'm going to try to hit that line and make this pin.
"It's easy, once you know the technique and draw that imaginary line you'll make it."
"Practice where every spare on the lane, where you should stand for that spare."
This next collar style is a stand collar.
What we see this on typically would be like outer wear.
"And what you're going to want to show if it's a stand collar, and it needs to stand, it needs to have reinforcement."
"Reinforcement is usually created by edge stitching, which are the dashed lines."
"If this and this are the same fabric and you want this piece to stand up more, it just logically follows that you would have either that facing inside of it or you would edge stitch it to reinforce and make it stand up stiffer than the rest of the garment."
It could be on anything.
But like a jacket.
"There you have a lapel, well not a lapel, this is one side of the jacket that comes over to this side of the jacket."
"And the collar, as I said before a stand is the rise."
The stand is the length from there to there.
That's your collar stand.
"So then obviously if you think about if for a minute, a stand collar is just that."
It's a separate piece attached to make a collar that just barely stands up from the actual garment itself.
"There's a neat little rule in Hearts that involves a sort of, managing your opponent's hand a bit, in that, the first deal, the first hand of a game of Hearts, each player picks three cards to pass to their left."
It's very important to choose a wedding videographer that can work well with your photographer and vice versa.
Choosing a photographer that works well with your videographer is also important because it can actually ruin a wedding day if a photographer and videographer are not getting along.
That's what they were hired to do.
"They're hired to get still photography, still photographs."
"A videographer's role in a wedding video is to get the candid moments or movement in, during the wedding day."
"And so, the videographer is kind of like the second hand person on the actual wedding day, where they're kind of shooting behind the scenes and they?re shooting what the photographer is doing with you on your wedding day."
And so you want to make sure that you don't get a videographer that tries to always jump in and take over everything.
"Tries to take over the photographer's role or tries to tell like family, during family group shots, where to stand."
"That's just not cool because the photographer, that's what the photographer is hired to do."
"Now what we do and probably what you should make sure your videographer does is, we usually wait for the photographer to finish shooting and then he or she will say, hey, do you need to get any shots here."
"And we say, yes, we need to get a few shots here."
And we'll go ahead and then we'll do our thing for a couple of minutes and then we move on.
"So what you want to do is when you, usually people hire their photographers first."
That's working well with a photographer and you want to make sure that your videographer works well with your photographer that way and doesn't try to take over everything.
Because I know a lot of photographers that actually complain about the videographers that they've worked with because that's the how they are and they're always in their shots.
And they're too bossy and they can't get in their shots.
So it's very important to make sure that they work well together.
"Some people don't, some people go to the videographer first."
But most of it is done through the photographer first.
Ask your photographer for recommendations of who he or she believes that they would work well with.
They might even have people on their website that you can actually click on the links and visit those videographers.
Or they might just have regular people that they always shoot with that they feel comfortable with and they know.
"Because typically on a wedding day, what happens is the photographer is the one that should be in control; the one that is screaming out the demands, telling people where to stand, telling people how to pose."
That is the photographer's job.
"Okay we want to talk just a little bit about basic maintenance on a tractor, and obviously maintenance is a big issue."
But we want to touch on some of the fundamental tools of the trade and things that you need to know.
"And then your engine oil, which the filters visible on this side of the tractor, but it's very similar to this."
"Again you'll want to change that at least every one hundred hours with for this tractor a diesel grade engine oil, 15W40 is the most common grade."
And the proper new filter.
"There's a lot more to it, but those are the fundamentals."
On a diesel tractor they're much lower maintenance than a gasoline engine machine.
"And if you just keep those fluids and filters cleaned, keep all your pivot points lubricated, you're going a long way toward keeping your tractor in tip top shape."
"Socket wrench, grease gun, and then clean fluid and filters are very important."
That's probably the single most important thing you can do on a diesel tractor is make sure you got clean fluid and filter.
"So here we've got an oil filter, air filter, and fuel filter."
"This will vary depending upon the tractor so refer to your manual or your dealer, but for our tractors we recommend changing these three filters and the fluid associated with them every hundred hours."
One hundred hours.
Your fuel filter you'll see is visible through this clear site glass it allows you to see any water or sediment that's getting trapped in the bowl here.
"Your air filter on this tractor is right here, that's something you may want to take out a lot more frequently than every one hundred hours, and blow it out if it's got some dust on it."
But at least every one hundred hours or once a year you'll want to change that out for a clean filter.
"Well, Possum knows better than to be up on this couch but I asked her to get on this couch for this exercise."
"Possum, you know better than getting up here, right?"
Get down.
Good girl!
"Good girl, you did good girl, come her, come here."
Are you allowed up here?
"No, you're not."
"We know better than to get up on the couch, don't we?"
I came here and she had scraped up the leather really bad and I was so upset.
I brought her in here and I made her get up her and then I said no.
"Now, she doesn't get up here without permission."
You might have to train your dog in this fashion over and over or with a clap of then hands that will frighten them a little bit from getting up there.
I am going to talk a little now about trail maintenance.
This is a way that you can give back to the trail.
It is not just people walking on the trail that makes that trail.
"There are people that have gone out and poured a lot of hard work and sweat into building the trails, to put down water bars to cut down on erosion, and cut up those logs that fall across the trail."
"There are clubs that actually go out and do maintenance on these trails, and it is a nice way to be social and hang out with other people who love the trail just like you and also make the trail a little bit nicer for the next persons that has got to hike through that section."
It can be done at any capacity just from cutting down some weeds to something as elaborate as building a bridge across a creek or putting boards across some marshy areas.
"There is a lot that can be done, and it is a great way to give back to the trail."
Hi this is John Stewart and this is how you can make and tie your own lasso trap for small animals with a shoe lace.
"Ok you're always going to have a shoe lace on you, if you are having to survive out in nature and look for food, easiest way to do it is to trap and kill it."
Ok one way of doing this is the lasso trap.
"What you got to do for this is find a shoe lace find a tall, a branch or something that's low lying on the ground and find it near some animal tracks."
"The trap is very easy to make like I said have a shoe lace, you're going to have a couple of little branches that you can stick in the ground to prop up the loop, to where they can run through it."
"When you're talking about dribbling the basketball nothing looks more beautiful than a crossover dribble executed the right way, but just for our drill sake, we're going to start with the basics."
"When you're doing a crossover dribble, we're going to talk about the advanced techniques of doing a crossover dribble a little bit later, but when you're doing a crossover dribble drill, it's really basic."
You're just going to put the ball in your right hand and dribble in front of you over to the other hand.
"A lot of times, you want to be really careful, and I have to be careful with this."
"That you don't carry the ball, because if you dribble across and you put your hand on the bottom of the ball, that's called carrying."
"If you continually dribble like this, which a lot of guys these days tend to do but, if you keep the ball in front of you and put your hand on the side of the ball, and get moving and get a wide dribble, a wide dribble, a wide base when you do it."
You want to be careful not to carry.
"We're going to talk a little bit later, like I said, a little bit later about the advanced ways to do this so that you can really use it effectively in the game but for right now, we just want to show you how to do it so that you can get quick with it, just get quicker with it."
"So, you can even use the same hand now and then which is what a lot of guys do when they get advanced but that's the way you do the crossover dribble."
"Okay, the closed stance is demonstrated here."
"We have this golf club here as being on line to my target, and then this club here is parallel to that line and that's where I keep my feet."
"It's a very nice shot, and it depends of course on what the lie of the green is."
"So the closed stance, you want to, you can practice, you can use yardsticks or golf clubs, or I've seen some people, they've built a little device so they can keep the club."
"They can stay closed and keep everything parallel, and that way they can keep their shots on line a lot better."
So this is a closed stance and the goal here is I'm going to have the club somewhat closed or somewhat neutral.
"It's going to be perpendicular, or at a right angle to the line of the flight."
"So the goal here, with the closed stance is everything is in line and I just take the club back like this and I swing."
So I just take it back and I hit that ball.
"So the idea of a closed stance, it's a way of I can put more true backspin on the ball, possible a little side spin that will go to the left, so I can keep the ball on line."
Just like that.
So that ball stays really straight when I hit it.
So a closed stance is very useful.
"Hi there Lady J here, we are getting ready to mold some chocolates."
"Chocolate, que rico."
No you can't see that chocolate.
"Let me show you a little bit closer, can you see that chocolate, that left over chocolate, oooo yeah."
You know what before you get started make sure that your molds are washed.
"After you wash them, you are going to want to dry them."
So I'm going to take a minute here and I'm going to go wash my molds and we will be right back to talk to you guys about a few different ways to do it.
But then we are going to show you guys how we are going to do it today with our sweet little bottle right here.
Ok so prepping the molds.
"So you buy your molds, you are going to want to wash. That's kind of common sense. There's some people out there that need that reminder."
"Wash your molds, you never know who's been touching the molds and you know, we won't go there."
"So I actually sometimes will get really lazy, I'll be honest, a little surprise, surprise."
"I'll get lazy sometimes after I've made some chocolate and I've molded some chocolate, I will, my molds my plastic actually doesn't look all that dirty but it has some remnant, I'll give you an example, of left over, my last project you know, left over chocolate."
Example number one right there.
Can you see that chocolate?
"Core exercises, very popular."
"This is a core exercise, you can do any place you've got a floor."
"So, she's going to go onto her side."
"She's going to put her weight on her elbow, she going to straighten her legs up, and now she's going to lift her torso up off the ground."
"Now, you've got two choices here, you can either hold it here, or you can start to pulse up and down."
Slowly and gently.
"If you want a real challenge, don't let your body touch the ground."
"Keep your butt off the ground at all times, and try doing this thirty times."
"And switch to the other side, and do thirty times."
"This is a side plank, it's great for your side and your overall core stability."
"So, what Amy's going to show you is a plank."
"She's going to go down on her elbows and her hands, and she's got her toes down."
"She's going to breathe up, and lift her body up, bridging up, and holding this."
"She's going to make sure to keep breathing, not hold her breath."
"When she does this, she's going to be working in her abdominals, and actually up around the shoulder girdle."
"So, this is a deceptively, good, exercise."
This is called the plank.
"Now, to make it even more fun, we're going to take her into a side plank."
"Oh, hey!"
Just in time.
"You can use avocado oil, peanut oil, baby oil, olive oil."
"Ovee, as some like to say."
"But listen, whatever type of oil, you like to use."
"Make sure you preheat it, in a microwave."
Don't make it too hot.
"Because we are applying it, directly to the scalp."
"Remember, as you apply oil."
It will get on the hair.
So cover your head with a plastic cap.
"And remember, keep it on for fifteen to twenty minutes."
"I was getting some stuff, out of the way."
"If you choose, go ahead and heat a towel."
"Place that on your head, as well."
"This will help to open up the cuticle and allow that moisture and oil to get deep down, inside."
"Last but not least, remember rinse very well."
Shampoo first but rinse very well.
Follow up with leavening or a rinsing conditioning.
Thanks for watching.
My name is Sylvia Russell.
"And this is how, you can do a hot oil treatment."
So that I can share with you.
How to give a hot oil treatment.
"Now if you're not already doing this at home, this is something that you might want to try."
It's excellent for moisture and shine.
"Now, what kind of oil are you going to use?"
There's several kinds out there.
Find something that works best for you.
We're going to talk about screaming today in parrots.
The bird is just happy that you're calling back.
"You're like, ""oh, my flock is in the other room, he's calling back to me."""
You're just encouraging the behavior.
"The other way to encourage your bird, or teach your bird, to scream is, every time they start screaming, come back into the room and say, ""no."""
"They don't care, I mean, ""no"" does not mean anything to these birds."
You need to find a form of distraction.
"If your bird screams every time you come out of the room, you need to find some way to get the animal to have something else that?s more motivating than your attention."
"One of these things can be foraging, you can do... So the bird is hungry, suddenly when you leave the room, either to go to work or if you need to get a task done, you hide some treats in their cage and then you leave the room."
"Every time you do this, soon the bird will learn that you leaving the room means that there's going to be treats in the cage."
"Now, screaming in parrots or just excessive vocalization is normal."
"Other things that you can do is, one of the simpler things, is you can come quietly, don't say a word to the bird, come in simply and just put a blanket over the cage."
"Just for a few minutes, just a 15-minute time out."
"Give that bird some time to realize that this is not negative, suddenly... again, this is negative reinforcement, and you want to try to avoid punishing the bird."
You're just trying to discourage the behavior.
The best way to do that is to find something that's more distracting and more entertaining than calling back to you.
"And, the best way to keep your bird from screaming is to keep from encouraging it the first place."
"Such as, if your bird starts screaming in the first place, do not come back into the room."
"Wait until there's a quiet pause in the screaming, come back into the room, and reward the bird."
Reward him for being quiet.
There's a point where it doesn't become normal.
"In the mornings and in the evenings most parrots will vocalize, either scream, give their normal jungle calls, African grays and some of the other talking birds will beep and go through their vocabulary in the mornings and evenings."
This is fairly normal.
"If you're not comfortable with this, you probably shouldn't have a bird."
"But, there is a point where it becomes excessive, where, as soon as you walk out of the room, the animal will just scream for attention and will not stop screaming until you get back into the room."
"So, how do you modify this sort of behavior, especially when the best way to reward that behavior is to scream back at your bird?"
"You scream back, ""shut up,"" ""stop,"" you know, ""be quiet,"" the bird doesn't care, it doesn't understand those as negative."
Let's talk about pilling your dog.
"Pilling your dog can be dangerous, so be very, very careful."
You don't want to get in harms way if you can help it.
"There are lots of treats these days, and one in particular that you can put the pill in and close over and it's a treat form of a medication."
"If you have to actually manually give your pet, your dog a pill, the best way to do it is if you can't use any treat or peanut butter or something like that, is to take the pill itself with one hand and take your other hand and taking your thumb behind the right canine tooth that opens the mouth and then you can press the pill over the base of the tongue."
Now I'll show you another design option for our panels.
I'll be using the same techniques of napkin decoupage with stickers to create a completely different design.
And then when you come to a grassy section instead of cutting straight across that grassy section you want to cut grass.
"Okay, now I am going to just kind of cut straight here until I get down to another flower."
And then I am going to cut the grass.
And what you do is you just cut straight down in little diagonal snips like this.
And this will give the effect of that green turning into grass.
And do this all the way across the napkin as much space as you want.
Okay now when you have your foreground cut out.
You have your napkin cut you.
You see that we've turned an all over napkin into a nice piece of scenery.
And we're going to glue that down with the decoupage glue.
You'll need for this pretty napkin.
Okay you always want to check that you've got all the layers of the backing of the napkin.
"And you take it down until you get a translucent, you can see it's a very thin piece of napkin."
Okay now to apply our napkin we're first going to take the decoupage glue and put a thin layer of the glue on the board.
You can use your hands for that.
You can also use a paint brush for putting down that first thin layer of glue.
When you're applying the napkin to the glue on the top then you want to use your finger or your hand so that you can feel how much pressure you're putting on the napkin.
The paint brush is a little bit too rough for that.
Okay and then once you have that thin layer of glue you want to very carefully place it down on the glue patting it into place.
And don't worry about a little bit of wrinkling.
That's normal with the napkin.
I'm using a daisy napkin with an all over design of flowers and grass.
And it adds a little bit of texture and character to the design.
So just pat that down gently.
And then we'll glaze it over with some more of the decoupage glue.
Okay.
"And when you're gluing you want to very, very gently make sure you have a lot of glue on your finger and it should be smooth and slick."
"Now, I have the grass like this and the flower petals I want to glue in an upward motion."
You don't want to push it this way or you may tear your napkin.
And then just put a good layer all around on the napkin and look for air bubbles.
If you have air bubbles you want to put a little bit of glue there and kind of squish it out.
"But very, very gently so you don't tear the napkin or get a hole in your design."
I'm using a sticker book that I picked up in the store and the decoupage glue.
And you'll need some scissors for cutting.
Okay I'm going to use my daisy napkin here for the foreground and the base of a little fairy picnic.
So to use an all over design like this that I only want to have on the bottom here to kind of show that they're going to be sitting in the garden I want to cut my napkin.
"But we don't want to cut straight across, we want to use the design in the napkin."
"So what you do is cut out, as you go along, you cut out the flowers like this."
"Hi, I'm magician Paul Weatherby, and here is a coin."
See the coin?
(Yeah).
I hope you like it and have fun with it.
"Until next time, keep the magic in your life."
"Looks pretty nice, doesn't it?"
"Well, if I take the coin, place the coin into my hand, could I have you blow on it please?"
We're going to talk about the board performance techniques right now and these are the four actions that your board can do that we'll perform on the snow.
"The four actions are tilt, twist, pivot, and pressure."
"Tilt, twist, pivot and pressure."
"When the board tilts, we're talking about tilting the board one way or the other using your feet and ankles."
Twist is when you actually can twist the board.
"It might be tough to see on this because it's very, very stiff."
You can actually twist the board along its longitudinal axis.
"Pivot; when we pivot with the board, we use our body to pivot the board this way."
"Pressure, pressure is where you load and unload the board."
"When I jump up in the air, when I land, I have a lot of pressure or if I lift myself up, just before I leave the ground, I'm unloading or unweighting the board."
Those are the four board performance characteristics.
"Developing reading skills isn't it important to read to your child oh yes, but there is a whole lot of other things, strategies and techniques that are extremely important too."
Also opportunities are everywhere.
Every time you open your front door it's another wonderful journey to be reading with your child because developing reading skills happens every single day.
You will be looking at developing reading skills that you can teach reading everywhere.
Reading isn't just taught in a text book or just by reading to your child.
"It surrounds you, it's everywhere."
"We're going to be looking at reading, it's fun and it's enjoyable."
If it's fun for you it will be fun for your child.
"We will be looking at per reading is time to be together that is an important concept in reading, that is the joy of doing something together."
GINA KENNEDY: Balance poses can be very challenging and a little scary when they're upside down.
"Through the use of blocks, it can make the fear go right out of it, or at least we hope so."
"Then also, we're going to take a block and place it under her feet."
There.
"So, basically, she has more points to lean on and she does not have to worry about falling over."
Good.
I'm going to release the block and slowly come back down.
Good.
"So, if that's still even a little scary for you, you might try having a pillow in front and a pillow under your tail so you're not worried about falling over."
Because the key to arm balance poses is to lose your fear.
"So, Faith is going to help me demonstrate Bakasana, or the crane balance."
"So, we're just going to have her come over to her hands and curl her toes under."
"Yeah, she's going to take her knees wide and place her hands in between her knees and spread her fingers nice and wide; now, notice how she bent her elbows and pull them to the insides of her knees."
Good.
She's going to pull her belly in and lift her tailbone up and bring her knees to her upper arm bones.
Good.
"She's going to transfer her weight a little bit forward, and just lean her head right on that block, and what this does is takes the fear out of falling forward."
Good.
"So, I'm going to put a little dab of blue on my leftover pie plate here, just a little dab 'cause you don't want to do too much."
"And, as I mentioned before, you can always put a piece of saran wrap on top."
But the blue and the orange are two other complimentary colors.
"So, the first thing I'm going to do is wet my brush and I'm going to put just a little, like I did on the red and the green, a little dab of my blue, right up here and then I'm going to put a little dab of my orange right next to it."
So now the fun really starts to begin with the accessories.
And that's where you can add your prints in.
I love the prints of scarves and they really can bring out your fashion personality.
So if you like something a little bit more flamboyant or you're more classic.
"I always tell my clients, if they are a scarf wearer, to pick up a scarf when they're traveling."
European women wouldn't be caught dead wearing anything but a beautiful scarf when they go out and anytime of really any time of the day or night.
"So, when you're traveling in Europe, or any of your travels, picking up a scarf is always a wonderful conversation piece to."
You go to a party or a networking event and not know anybody.
Wear a fabulous scarf or a piece of jewelry that's very interesting and - let me tell you - people start coming up to you and start talking to you.
And all your fears about being the only one there that you know - yourself - they all go away.
Because you will have something to talk about.
"Because remember, we started our capsule we were all solids."
So now you want to add the prints to give that little bit of pizzazz to your wardrobe.
I love to do that with scarves.
"Especially, like a Chanel scarf."
It's classic.
It goes on forever.
You never will be outdated in a Chanel scarf.
Or any actually designer scarves.
Hello I'm Sifu Mallon with the Clearwater Kung Fu center; this is my assistant Melissa and this is women's self defense.
"The next tactic we're working is dealing with an attacker coming from behind; so say Melissa's over here facing the opposite direction, hands down by her side; this is where an attacker comes in from behind and grabbing to the neck o.k."
"Again the neck is very, very important that we get; o.k."
we neutralize this tactic as soon as possible.
"To neutralize this one the hands come in here; as soon as she feels this she's going to take her left foot, step on an angle o.k."
Where does ink come from?
"Well obviously ink in many many forms has been around for quite some time, thousands of years in fact."
"Early Chinese illustrators, I guess for lack of a better word, used to get their ink from different types of soot, from fire combined with certain foods and from different animal skins and carcasses and could write or draw using that."
"Today ink basically is a combination of different types of pigments, dyes and it's used for many many things obviously in the world we live in, not just for writing but for you know, coloring the clothes we wear and basically anything that involves some form of color in this day and age, on either printed materials or clothing or anything, comes from a certain form of ink."
"The marine organism we are going to identify now, is the nurse shark."
The nurse shark is not your stereo typical tropical shark.
They feed primarily at night by foraging through the sand for scrumptious morsels and food.
They will also occasionally use their broad snout to dig into the sand like a shovel.
"One unique characteristic of the nurse shark, that further sets it apart from most other sharks, is that it doesn't need to be constantly swimming to get enough water over its gills to breathe effectively."
"Instead, the nurse shark has a special muscle that allows him to open and close its gill covers manually while resting on the bottom to pump water over their gills."
"Nurse sharks can often be approached closely when they are resting on the bottom but any quick movement toward them or an attempt to reach out and touch them, will usually caused them to quickly swim away just above the surface of the reef."
"They are bottom dwelling and feeding shark which can be commonly found resting on the bottom during the day in coral ravines, under coral ledges or in caves."
They post little threat to divers but I still wouldn't stick my hand too close to their mouth.
"I have heard stories of, although I have never witnessed it for myself, of divers been bitten by nurse sharks, usually when they are approached too closely or where divers pestering the shark."
Nurse shark males can be easily distinguished from females by the presence of two claspers located on either side of the underside of their body near the anal fin.
Nurse sharks mate in open water and the females carry the fetuses until they are born.
Litter sizes can reach up to as many as two dozen baby sharks at a time.
The baby nurse shark when newly born are usually about a foot long and resemble the adult shark.
"Gestation takes about six months and mating occurs just once every two years, usually between late June and the end of July."
That's the nurse shark.
They are gray to a purplish or yellowish brown in color.
Nurse sharks have two relatively short dorsal fins and a tail with a long upper lobe and almost no lower lobe.
They range in size from five to nine feet on average but have been reported to be found as long as fourteen feet.
Nurse sharks are generally found at depths shallower than a hundred feet.
They are found throughout the waters in the Caribbean and the tropical Atlantic ocean.
Nurse sharks have a small mouth located underneath their head.
Their snout is broad and rounded.
"I'm an artist who discovered henna about seven years ago, and I'm fascinated with the beautiful designs that henna creates on the skin."
Make sure the knife cuts through all of the fat.
I try and make the chunks all as even as I can so it'll cook evenly.
"I'm going to move the chicken here into the oil and I'm going to saut this, and we're going to reserve this plate because once the chicken is marked we'll take it off, but to ensure that we don't contaminate any other surface we're going to take the end of our glove here from the wrist and bring it into a ball."
"Grab that ball here and repeat and, now we haven't contaminated another surface with the raw chicken."
"So porcelain the rate of shrinkage depending on the kind of porcelain that you're using, the average rate of shrinkage is around thirteen percent."
"So if you wanted to make an eight inch doll, which is about what this is."
So this is my original sculpture that I used to get the eight inch doll.
"In order to get that eight inch doll, you would have to blow this up thirteen percent, and this would be size of your porcelain to get this doll."
"So if I wanted an eleven inch doll I would have, this would be, I would lay my pieces out."
So I always start two sizes up from the size that I want.
"One, two, three."
"One, two, three."
Four times each.
"Basic, two, three, four."
Cross.
"One, two, three, bur."
"And one, two, three, four."
With tempo.
"One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three."
"One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three."
"One, two, three."
"One, two, three."
"Cross, two, three, four."
"One, two, three."
"One, two, three."
"One, two, three."
"One, two, three."
And cross.
"One, two, three."
"One, two, three."
"One, two, three."
"One, bur."
"One, two, three."
"Hi, this is Sean Hobson, and what we're talking about right now is making sure that our forwards, whether they are the power forward or whether they are the small forward, they've got stay active within the offense."
"They've got to be able to move around and follow the ball, know where the ball is all the time."
"Now, if we can't get him in the post, if he skips the ball across, our post player has to know that."
"Then he's going to flash up high to the elbow area, and that's going to give him a limited area to shoot in."
"So, what we want to see him do is the post is going to work the bottom of the post; he's going to work the high post area, the elbow, re-post on the other side."
"He's got to keep moving, and he's also got to know where the ball is at all times on the court, so that he can get active in the offense, and he can get a shot away."
And that's how to effectively use your forwards in the offense.
"For one, they're looking to get a shot, for two, they're looking to keep the offense running smoothly."
So what we're going to talk about right now is we're going to use our power forward that is posted up on the block.
He has to make sure that he knows where the ball is right now.
"If the ball's on the top of the key, it doesn't do him much good to post up, because we don't want a throw to go from the top of the key to the post unless he's absolutely wide open."
"If everybody's dropped off of him, and we can get him the ball, we'll throw it from here, but this is a horrible passing angle to get it to the post."
"So, typically, what we want him to do is either he's going to set a screen across, or he's going to flash up to the high post."
"Now, if I can't get him the ball in the high post, I'm going to go ahead and move the ball to the wing."
"As I move the ball to the wing, then he's going to go and try to post up, because that's the passing angle we want to get it to our post player."
So now both of my base and my lid had set up to the leather of our stage.
What that means is if I rub it with my finger I am not going to create a indention but if I stick a fingernail in I get a indention really easily.
"So I would take my ribbon tool, which is call a ribbon tool because it creates a ribbon of clay."
I don't need to take off very much just a little amount and then I would check my lid fit again.
Now it sits nicely on the pot so I would show you the next steps of finishing the lid.
It is about the consistency of hard cheese.
So I'm going to check my lid fit with my base by flipping it over.
I have not cut it off yet and it is just a little bit too big.
So what I'm going to do is show you how you can fix that problem.
It is a lot better to have a lid that is a little bit too big then a little bit too small because you can trim a lid that is a little bit too big and you can't make a lid that is to small any bigger.
"So you put it back on the wheel, now you see it looks wobbly that is because the bat pin hole in my bat are not perfectly symmetrical so I need to spin this around 180 degrees."
And try again.
Now it is on center.
Hi.
I'm going to attach that to my piece.
Smooth it out.
Then I'm going to do the same.
I'm going to tear some more.
This one's a bit longer and we'll just attach that down.
And smooth it out.
Now this time since I've been going this way?
I'm going to do some and go the opposite way.
Just to make it look a little bit more like a zebra.
That piece didn't really work out for me.
Another great thing masking tape is for is for creating zebra stripes.
So I'll try it again.
So after we've done this a couple times all I'm simply going to do is paint 3 good coats of really whatever color you want.
You don't have to have black and white zebra.
You can have a neon purple and yellow zebra if you want.
You can have any zebra you can possibly imagine.
"So, once we have a couple stripes all I'm simply going to do is start my painting."
So I've got a couple here.
Generally I would do a bit more.
"Now, I'm actually going to use the same color."
We're going to have a turquoise zebra today.
"Which is very, very popular right now."
So all I'm going to do is I'm going to dunk my paintbrush back in to my paint.
Make sure all my paint is smooth and simply paint directly on top of my tape.
"This is really fun to do, not only on flat surfaces but on round."
"I see these a lot on mugs and having the zebra stripes go up and down rather than horizontal it looks really, really great."
"And you can do it on almost any, any piece."
"Which is really, really nice."
You also don't have to have them just one or two colors.
You can introduce 3 or 4 colors by taping each section off.
Applying a different color underneath and then reapplying tap and adding more color.
"So now, all I'm going to do is I'm going to remove my tape."
The way we create zebra stripes is.
And wherever my tape was is actually going to stay white.
So when I remove my tape we can start to see the formation of the zebra stripes.
"And, it's as simple as that."
I'm going to use the same tile except I'm going to use the opposite side.
"So to do zebra stripes, all I'm going to do is take some masking tape, tear some off and then I'm just going to simply strip the masking tape in to sections."
And what I'm going to try to do is I'm going to try to tear it so that it ends in a point.
So we just tear it like that.
So I've got a little stripe here.
Okay so now we are going to make crab cakes some fantastic crab cakes I'm mean they are out of this world but personally what I think the topping that is going to set this receipt aside from all others is the crab meat sauce that I'm going to teach you how to prepare.
It is very simple we are going to use only lump crab meat which is the white meat of the crab instead of using the darker parts and bits and pieces we are going to use lump crab meat which is going to give you a sweet succulent crab cake topped with a outrageous sauce that is really going to hook your guest.
My family is like addicted to it if I don't make it for every holiday they get really upset.
"Hi my name is Guillermo Gomez I coach youth soccer, and today I'm going to be explaining to you a little bit how to kick a Half-Volley."
So what is a Half-Volley?
"I emphasize on both left and right, so if they took a kick with their left they will kick with their left first, and then when the ball comes back to them they will do that with their right that way they get into the habit of using both feet to work on every kind of techniques for kicking the soccer ball."
"So to summarize again, you want to hold the ball you want to watch your timing, timing as the ball comes down, you want to look at the ball so keep an eye good close eye on the ball that's very important and then the ball comes down, bounces before he takes a big bounce up you actually want to come forward kick the ball, and land with your kicking foot."
So that's how you can do you can practice a Half-Volley and have fun with it while you are at the park with your friends.
"A Half-Volley is actually when the ball comes at you, it's about to touch the ground it actually touches the ground, and as soon as the ball does that you actually kick the ball."
So it is important that as soon as the ball touches the ground that you watch the ball does it bounce up?
Because then you will miss that ball and again you might look a little funny if you are out there with your friends.
"So, what are the proper body mechanics when you kick a Half-Volley?"
"Well first you want to approach the ball at a slight angle, your supporting foot comes a little bit behind the foot about six inches away from the ball, your kicking foot is going to approach the ball pointing your toes down, locking the ankle, and you're going to be kicking the ball with your shoelace."
"With your shoulders going backwards, so the motion is or the idea is to actually lift the ball a little bit but not too much and you want to strike the ball right underneath with your toes pointing down, so you can either score a goal or send the ball to one of your teammates."
"A good way to practice a Half-Volley is actually to have two players face each other, you put them about ten yards apart from each other, you want the players to hold the ball on their hands so for this purposes we're going to use one ball only."
"The player holds the ball, he drops the ball and as the ball touches the ground and tries to bounce up a little bit you want to kick the ball, in forward motion by landing with your kicking foot as soon as you have sent the ball to your teammate your teammate will catch the ball with his hands and you will repeat the exercise exactly the same way."
"CINDY MASTRY: In this clip, Faith is going to help me demonstrate a really great way to release tension and stretch your shoulders using the strap."
"So I'm going to give Faith a strap, then she's just going to stand with her feet about a little bit wider than hip-width distance apart, and she's going to reach her arms up and try to find a ""V."" Good."
Good.
Widening her shoulder blades away from each other.
"Inhale, reaching the arms up to the sky; exhale, opening up through her shoulders, through her rotator cuff and dropping the arms down behind."
Good.
"Inhaling, lifting them up, breathing your spine long as you do so, and exhaling, dropping her shoulders down."
So we're going to ask her to rotate on the diagonal just a little bit.
Good.
She's going to drop her hands down and place them next to her hips keeping that same width and tension on the strap.
"Because she's going to inhale, reach the arms up to the sky, dropping her shoulders out of her ears and placing her shoulder blades down her back."
And then she's going to take the strap back behind on her exhalation so dropping it all the way down to her hips.
Good.
"And notice how that opens up her chest, opens up her shoulders."
"Inhaling, lifting her arms up to the sky, and as she exhales bringing them back down to her hips."
"DOUG JENKINS: Hi, I'm Doug."
Now Ralph is working away to get the bumper square on the car.
The car was restored originally with a crooked frame.
"Now we've got the frame straight so the bumper doesn't sit straight on the car, they had the car crooked, they got the bumper looking good on the car."
"Now we've got the car straight, it doesn't fit square."
"So Ralph is modifying the bumper mount, making holes larger and changing them so that he can get the--you know nice looking straight mount on the bumper."
So painting and handy work there so everything looks good when we're done.
"And when he gets the frame--he gets the bumper mounted up there, he'll be moving it with you know the chains and jack and everything to get it exactly straight on the car."
This next exercise is part of a mid back series that is also done on the reformer.
We are going to use the theraband to mimic the straps on the reformer.
"So go ahead and take the theraband and make it a shawl around your back, checking the tension here you are going to have your arms straight so you want enough tension so that you feel a little bit of the work."
We are going to start in table top position so go ahead and curl back down on to the mat supporting your head if you need to and bring your legs up into table top.
"With this exercise you can do it without ever lifting the torso but I will demonstrate both, lifting the torso and without so take a nice inhale, and exhale, crunch the abdominals down to the mat, bring the arms down and inhale around, exhale down, inhale around and then if you want to advance it a little bit more, inhale, tuck the chin, exhale down, inhale around, exhale down, inhale around, exhale down, inhale around and reverse, exhale, out, inhale pull in, exhale out, inhale pull in."
"Let's talk about pairing wine with spicy food, specifically red wines."
"If we're going to pair red wine with spicy food, you're probably talking about a nice, rich dish made with pork or maybe with beef."
"It's actually the same grape, and it'll have just the same amount of spice as Shiraz."
"So the main rule for pairing red wine with spicy food is keep it rich and heavy, and find a spicy red wine."
"Maybe a blackened beef tenderloin, or maybe a chicken molet or a cumin crusted pork roast, or maybe a curry with beef."
"The best red wine pairings for these dishes are red wines with spice in them, some sort of a spicy flavor to them, in themselves."
You also might want to stick with a wine that's got low tannin so that we don't have a salt and tannin clash.
"So, among the best red wines to pair with spicy foods, are the spicy red wines, like Zinfandel, especially one from California or from Lodine."
Maybe a Malbec from Argentina.
"Maybe a Merlot from just about any place in the world, or one of the best bets for a spicy match, which is Shiraz."
"Some of the best Shirazes come from Australia, and they can be very, very spicy indeed."
"If you can't find an Australian Shiraz, look for a Syrah from France or California."
But before I start let me introduce myself.
I'm a clinical research physician in the area of oncology which is cancer and also a stem cell scientist in AIDS and HIV and I've worked at the National Cancer Institute and also at UCLA School of Medicine.
"Now in these series of clips, we're going to talk, as I talked about as I've mentioned, about restless leg syndrome and we're going to talk about first the definition of restless leg syndrome, the signs and symptoms that you can recognize and also some of the treatment options and ways that you could help to elevate the symptoms of this particular syndrome."
"Today, I'm going to be making creamy tomato basil soup."
It adds a nice tartness to the soup.
"I like to follow that up with just a few drops of extra virgin olive oil; the good stuff, if you've got it."
"Lastly, what I'll do is take a peeler and some fresh Parmesan cheese, and I'll just shave some Parmesan cheese right off the block and into the soup."
"Take a peeler, and just nice, thin, wispy strands."
Don't go too deep.
"That piece is a little too big, so what we'll do is break it up into some smaller pieces, just really small, light pieces."
You don't want this to overpower the soup; you want it to become part of the soup.
Toast points or roasted peppers work well on this one.
There's my fairly quick tomato basil soup.
You can make it a little faster if you use nothing but canned tomatoes; which I don't recommend.
"Let's get some of this in a bowl, and I'll show you my favorite way to present it."
"You can actually save a lot of time on cooking them, because if you use the canned, peeled tomatoes, they don't have to break down as much."
"If you're trying to make it in a hurry, that is a good way to go, but typically, you're not going to get as good of a product."
"You can also mix up your tomatoes, do half yellow, half red, or do a combination of red, green, and yellow, to change the flavors."
"You could garnish this with grilled green tomato, which is really nice looking."
All in all it's a really spectacular soup.
"It's one of my favorites; it's very, very popular."
"It goes great with grilled cheese sandwiches, which is why we all like tomato soup anyway."
Have a good one.
"If you let the soup sit for a while, what you always want to do is give it a good stir before you put it in the bowl."
"You do this because some of your seasonings can sink to the bottom, or you can get a skin on top, depending on how long you let it sit."
This sat for a couple of minutes so not that much has happened to it.
"I still gave it a good stir, just to make sure."
Here's our soup.
There are a couple of things I like to do with it.
I like to sprinkle just a tiny bit of balsamic vinegar; just a few drops.
"In this clip, now that we've loosened and got as much slack as we can in the throttle and idle cable, what you can do now, on a lot of carbs too that have a fuel line, we'll just pull that out and then what you'll do is start to rock the carb back and forth."
"Ok, now that we got the carburetor off the manifold, be careful about banging up against the engine."
The idle cable has a little spring insert.
That's what the pick's good for.
"You just kind of pull it up in there, now you can pull that down and get that cable out."
"Alright, now that we got the choke cable out of the way, we got the throttle and idles out of the way, there's a vacuum hose connected to the back that goes to the voes switch and the vacuum operated pet cock."
You need to disconnect that.
"Alrighty, one carb, she's done and we put her out of the way and start working on the rest of the manifold."
You want to pay attention to where the choke cable went because you want to feed the choke cable out in between the bracket.
There's a bracket back there sometimes that's guiding the fuel line and there's a voes switch in there.
This is an evo so that's how it advances the timing.
"Now that we've got it lose, you just pull the cable up over and out of the top bracket, clip it out."
You want to be really careful with these cables here.
You can kink them.
"If you try to force it, what happens is usually the end of the cable is riding outside of this bracket here so it doesn't really let you move the cam back to get the cable out."
"Now, that was the throttle cable."
"Posture is very important as a model, you want to maintain proper posture at all times because it reflects on your confidence as a model."
Having proper posture is a factor of how confidence you are and what youre doing.
"So a basic proper posture stance would be having your shoulders back but relaxed, tuck your butt under and suck in your abdomen that is a proper posture line."
"Lift your chin up but not too far up and the best way to practice this is to put a book on your head, walk around the house."
"If the book falls off, then you dont have correct posture but if the book remains on your head you could walk up the stairs, down the stairs and do whatever youre doing, your posture is very good."
Now posture is like I said a reflection of how confident you are because your confidence level is based on your posture.
"If you slumped, you know youre not very confident and people see that but if youre standing up straight or sitting up straight its telling you, Im ready to do this, I can do this."
So practice these things and its going to reflect in your pictures and on set and how you deliver everything that you do.
"Thank you for visiting me today, you may visit my website at www.myspace.com/shalon711, have a great day."
"Hi, I'm Chris Murray, and I'm going to tell you how to find out about English soccer teams."
"English soccer teams all are accessible, by the Internet."
"The Internet is a very big source, in keeping up with your favorite English teams, and players."
"Each one of these teams, that play in the English Premier League, and other divisions in England, all offer their own website."
"These websites are very interactive, and are very helpful, in keeping up with the team, your favorite players, and being able to find their stats online."
"Also, another way to keep up with your favorite English teams, about watching television."
"You can do this by sitting in your own home, in your living room, on your couch, where you're nice and comfortable, on a nice Saturday or Sunday, and watch live English games."
These games are also recorded and replayed all week long.
"Many times, these games are offered at different times during the day, some in the morning, and some late at night, so if you're coming home from work, or if you're coming home from school, you can sit down and watch a game whenever."
"Also, another time or another place, where you can find these English teams, are at maybe your local pub, where some of these teams and these owners are English, and they offer these games for free, and that's just how you keep up with your English soccer teams."
"Now what we're going to talk about today is after you make contact, what do you do?"
Do you make contact and then drop the bat?
"So, what you want to do, is come through here, boom, we make contact, keep driving through, keep driving through and then you go through your follow through."
"It, it doesn't make a lot of sense, people don't say why do you keep pushing through, it seems weird but I can't tell you the physics but for some reason it works."
"So make sure, all you've got to do, boom, you make contact, keep driving through and that was the point of contact and after the point of contact."
"Do you continue through, do you roll your hands over?"
"What in this general vicinity, from here to here, what are you supposed to do?"
"Well as we've talked about, you get your solid base, your ready to go, you got your timing, boom."
I made contact with the ball here.
"Now, all I want to do is continue to push, basically push forward as far as I can until I have to come back across my back."
If you start to do things like make contact and then just kind of let it fly like that.
"What you're going to do is your going to ground out, weak little grounders, third base man, short stop, something like that."
"If you go here, after contact, you just kind of let it fall, either you're going to foul it off, hit a weak grounder to the first base man, something like that."
"Okay this sculpture is heart and soul, it's completed."
"And we're going to take it over to the foundry, and they have to make a mold of it."
So you have to create what they call a mother mold.
"Take plaster and they start painting the plaster on top of this mold, and they start adding burlap to it, because you want to make the plaster a very strong and durable."
You could drop it on the floor and it won't break.
Now this piece is the heart and soul piece.
It has the mother mold on it already.
"So what we would so is we would take this and lift it off, and the original clay is still in here."
And these little bubbles here are so the mother mold will match up with this mold.
"And also there's little bubbles under here, because you want this mold to match up with the other mold and then when they're together again, I'll explain that in a minute."
They've painted this on and now we have a mold of the sculpture and it shows up everything.
"In this particular sculpture we only had to make up one mold, on some of my other ones we had to make up to three molds or four molds of one sculpture."
"So we'll show you the process of how they make the mold, and we'll go from there."
"So what we do is we just take the clay out, take the mother mold off this."
"We no longer need the clay any more, the clay is finished."
"So now when we make the mold, there's forty-four in this edition."
"So they're going to be pouring wax into the mold, forty-four different times."
"Alright, so what they do is they take the sculpture piece and they lay it flat, and they're going to start painting on rubber, latex rubber."
"And it takes at least a week to do this, because well this is a rubber mold from another sculpture that I did."
"And you can see how thick it is, and you have to wait for the layers to dry before you make it."
"But, once let's say this piece is lying on the sculpture piece and you just keep painting it on, and painting it on, and painting it on until it becomes thick enough."
But if you notice you can't really use this mold because it's too flimsy.
I like before applying the top coat to the French I like to put a hint of pink on the nail.
When you put on nail bed right here right before the white tip it brings down the nail bed and makes it look more natural.
Then you apply the top coat.
"Top coat is just a clear coat that protects the nail and the polish so client would have the nail longer and not warned out, it also shines up the nail."
When you apply top coat make sure you don't put to much of top coat on your brush then it clumps.
Just enough then if you do to much top coat and it clumps it may cause bubbles.
So right here is just enough top coat and it would look shiny for a while for you client and they would be happy.
"Before we paint on the glass, we're going to clean the glass, so we have to get to the glass."
So I'm just going to hit one spray on this side.
Just get all the streaks out.
All right.
"And then once the glass is clean, I'm just going to try and keep my grubby fingertips off of it."
"Set that there, bring the frame back into the frame--no pun intended--and then I'm just going to set this back in there, like that."
"Ta-da, and that's cleaning the glass for painting."
So we're just going to take the back of this frame out and remove the paper and the various things that come with it.
"And be careful when you work with glass, especially these glasses in the frames, because unlike this glass door over here, this glass that comes with this is really thin."
"So what I'm going to do is just very gingerly, carefully remove the glass and just set it on the cardboard."
"And then I'm going to set the frame to the side just for a second while I clean it, and just take your--any glass cleaner will do fine."
"You don't need a ton, just like one little spray, and then just clean the glass so we have a nice surface to work on."
"Your paper towels will probably try to run away, but that's all right."
"Okay, and then once you get that side, you can flip to the other side."
The frames in the stores tend to collect a lot of dust and fingerprints and so forth.
"To become a psychologist, you first need to major in usually psychology in your under graduate career."
The under graduate is a four year course study that you'd do in a college or university.
"There's research psychology, there's chronicle psychology."
"And depending on what it is, you wish to do."
Will determine your course of study.
But let's focus on chronicle psychologist.
"As that's what, you're most familiar with."
A chronicle psychologist is a person who engages in therapy with patients.
To help them with emotional problems.
It should be noted that a psychologist is different than a psychiatrist.
Psychiatrist is a medical specialty and requires a medical degree.
Psychiatrist are allowed to prescribe medicines.
After completing your Bachelor's degree in psychology.
And typically do not focus on therapy.
Psychologists are not allowed to prescribe medicines.
"And really focus primarily on therapy, with the patients."
Once you've completed your graduate training on psychology.
"Typically, there are some period of internship."
In which you'll work with practicing psychologists.
"Under their supervision, you learn your clinical skills."
And will be ready to take the state license exam.
Once you've taken the state license exam and passed successfully.
"You'll be ready to practice independently, as a psychologist."
Before you can become a practicing psychologist.
You need to go to graduate school.
To do this you first must take the graduate entrance exam or the GRE.
And apply to psychology programs.
"Psychology is a, the doctorate program in psychology is a four year course of study."
"And upon completion, you would obtain the degree of PhD."
There are different areas of psychology.
We're picking peaches now.
"So first and foremost; smell nice and fruity, feel nice and tender and you want to make sure there's no discoloration of any kind."
"You guys will have good peaches every time single times if you follow these simple, simple steps guys and make sure not to store in the refrigerator again, okay."
"Another thing I want to tell you actually is if you live somewhere that grows produce, you want to definitely buy from a local grower rather than buying from a big chain store."
A lot of times these big chain stores just want to get their produce in and out and sell them as quick as possible so they're going to buy the produced unripe and they're going to hope they ripe on the way to the store and that's what they do.
"So these local farmers usually don't put their produce until it's nice and ripe, so look out for that guys."
Thank you and have a good day.
"A peach should smell very good first and foremost, it should have a nice fruity smell to it."
"If it doesn't have a fruity smell it's not ripe, so make sure you pick it up and smell it."
You want to get your peach and pick it and you want to feel your peach.
"You want to feel your peach and make sure that it has a nice slight pressure like this one does, you don't want to push it too hard though you don't want to bruise your peach guys, be very gentle with the peach."
"You want to make sure there's no discoloration of the peach, you don't want to see any really, really dark moldy looking spots, you want it to be nice and clean like this one."
"Feel it again, make sure it's nice all the way around and you should have good peaches all the time."
"You want to store your peach outside of the refrigerator, not in the refrigerator."
A lot of people make that mistake.
"Hi, this is Sean Hobson, and what we're talking about right now is when is the proper time to use particular passes."
And what we want to talk about right now is the bounce pass.
"But, if he's coming on the fast break and he throws a good bounce pass to this guy on the fast break, it's really hard to get down while a defender is running back, to get down and defend that bounce pass."
"He can catch it low, and go up and score it."
"So usually on a fast break, it's much better to use a bounce pass than it is a chest pass, because it's so much harder to defend."
"The last one we want to talk about is--let's go ahead and have you post, kick it out."
You come play defense.
"And whether this guy plays him on the bottom side or the top side, most of the time it's easier to fake and to throw a good low bounce pass instead of a chest pass, because already he's got his hand in there."
"He wants to play this guy in the middle, not on the bottom."
"So if Kyle can throw him a low bounce pass to the top, it's much easier for him to work that way off a bounce pass than it is off of a chest pass."
"And the same thing if he was fronting him high, we'd have the bounce pass come and wrap around low."
"So, the bounce pass is a really good pass to feed the post, and to run the fast break."
Bounce passes are very effective.
About the only time you don't want to use a bounce pass is when you're throwing from the top of the key to the perimeter.
Those are long passes.
"Any time you're throwing a really long pass, you don't want to use a bounce pass."
It's easy for a defender to come out and steel.
"However, if we got these three guys that are running a break, typically you want to use a bounce pass for this reason."
"If I'm a defender and I'm trying to defend this fast break, and I come back, if he throws a chest pass here, it's real easy for me to come out and knock that chest pass away."
Give it back to him.
"All right, the next thing that you want to be careful about is humor."
"As always, my rule is if you're not funny don't try to be."
"However, you might think you're funny, because you're a little intoxicated."
"But be very careful about the humor that you use, especially if you're using humor at someone else's expense, like we talked about in the last clip."
"You have to keep in mind, and I know I keep saying this over and over, but you have to keep in mind that whatever you say is going to be filtered through potentially inebriated guests."
"So, be real careful about humor, because some humor, depending on the situation, and the way in which you use it could end up being offensive."
You don't want to overuse humor either.
"You might make one funny statement, or one funny joke, but don't let it be applicable to any specific situation."
"However; on the other hand, because your guests could potentially be inebriated, this could be that you've been saving up this really funny line that you've been wanting to use for ten years."
"Well, you might, based on the situation, throw it out there, because they're probably not going to remember the speech two minutes after you're done anyway."
This style of collar is called a flower collar.
That's because the shape that it brings to mind is that of the petals of a flower.
"Being as such, a flower has softened petals, it has some curvature to it."
"The flower collar doesn't mean that it's a floofy flower, it means that right here we have the beginnings of a petal, that's what the silhouette represents is the soft lines of a flower, of the flowers petals."
The top part of the collar is just like your regular standard basic old collar and then I have it edge stitched because you're embellishing and you're creating something that has more of a personal look to it.
"It's not just a regular old lapel regular jack, it's a flower lapel jacket so, therefore, the edge stitching just makes it a little bit more elegant."
Hi.
I'm Robert Stewart with Hill13.com.
If you can't get your mask on and get clear vision ask a referee to take you from the field.
The next thing we're going to talk about is the lenses on your mask.
"Now, depending upon the manufacturer and the features you've added to it, that might or might not affect how you care for it, especially if you're using any kind of anti-fog liners on your goggles."
When you pick the mask up and look on the box it should say whether or not it has the anti-glare finish.
Always remember to use manufacturer-approved cleaners for your mask.
"Otherwise, you may damage the coating and defeat the purpose altogether."
"Now, if you're using any kind of field mask make sure when you first check your mask out that it's fit and adjusted properly for your face."
"This is very important because if it's improperly fitted and you're running, jumping, and diving to the ground; the mask could slip off of your head."
"Now should this happen, remember: get low to the ground, keep your face protected until you get your mask back on."
"Now we've learned how to hit a ball inside, we've learned how to hit a ball outside, we've learned how to hit a ball up."
Now what's the next natural progression?
So what you want to do when you're hitting a ball that's down.
"Go through all your steps, boom, you're ready to swing, you still want to stay on top of the ball."
Now I know what you're thinking.
Why do I want to stay on top of a ball if it's already down.
I'm just going to pound it into the ground.
"No, you're still going to hit the line drive."
You want to stay on top of the ball at all times.
"It doesn't matter if the ball is at my feet, or if the ball is above my head, I want to be on top of the ball."
So here we go.
Here's hitting the ball down.
We're going to hit the ball down.
"Boom, through my steps, right there, as you can see."
"If I was making contact, the ball would be just above my knee."
"Still a strike, the ball is down, hands are below the baseball and on top of the ball."
"You hit that hard line drive, that hard ground ball that gets through the hole."
That's hitting the ball down.
"If up is from the waist to your chest, then down is from the waist to your knees."
"Now again, we're going to talk about some of the things, some of the common mistakes that people do."
They do one of either two things.
"They either drop down and so oh that ball is down, I need to try and get under it and what do they do?"
They hit a pop fly.
"Or they just say ahh, I'm not going to hit a ball down, they let it go."
"Well, you know what if the ball is right here it's still a strike, so there's no point in letting the ball go if it's down."
"In this clip we're going to show you how to apply hair color, for hair touch up."
"So, the hair touch up regrowth of the hair is when you come in, and you already have full color on your hair, and your roots are showing."
"I, for example: am going to show you my head for a minute, what it looks like."
I have two toned hair right now and decided not to do my hair color to show you.
"As you see here the roots of my hair are darker, it has gray hair, about twenty five percent gray, and I have here lighter hair, and lighter shades of hair, so if I were to touch up my hair, I would only to the root here."
"So, the application for that would be just me hitting the root of my hair just going like this and putting it on the root of the hair, exactly where it belongs."
"O.k, so the application, we do it on the root, do not overlap on the hair, I would not want to go over my light hair because then it's going to get lighter, and it's not going to look as nice."
"O.k, so no overlapping."
"That means just not going over the previously colored hair, just touching the root, that's why it's called a retouch on new growth of hair."
"If you use a natural nail tip, you're actually going to need to blend the artificial tip in with the natural nail."
"With that, you'll just take your drill or your regular nail file if you don't have an electric one, and just kind of go over the tip itself just to blend it in with the natural nail."
You're not actually going to rough up the nail anymore.
You're just going to blend it in.
"On the French tip, you don't do that because it's already got the nice smile line and you don't need it blended any."
"Again, this is just for the natural tip."
"And again, if you don't have an electric nail file, you can do the same thing with a regular nail file."
"You just want to blend the tip, such as this, and even though it's going to be on the nail itself, you're not going to file the actual nail, you're just filing the tip."
And you just want to blend it all the way from one side to the other.
And that is how you blend the natural nail tip with the natural nail.
Part of renting a tuxedo is also having the proper footwear.
"Some people don't like that shiny, glossy look, kind of plastic look."
Sometimes you can buy a shoe that's a little more of a dull finish.
"There's no right or wrong way to go, it's just kind of personal taste."
"Popular over the last couple years has been more of a square toe, I think fashion's changing on that a little bit and going more with a point toe."
"So that another thing to be aware of, that fashions change."
"That's why I say maybe go conservative, that's always going to look good."
"This you might at a few years down the road and say, gee that's kind of a square toe, I wish we had done something a little more up to date."
"So, go conservative when in doubt."
"It's not unusual to have people wear their own shoes if they want to, I always think it's best to rent a shoe to go with the tuxedo you picked."
"You're spending a lot of money for that tuxedo, you don't want a pair of shoes that distracts from that overall tuxedo look."
"There's a lot of ways you can go on tuxedos, every tuxedo will have different styles of shoes."
"There's always just the plain flat front tuxedo, high gloss."
"That's a classic way to go, you'll always find that in any tuxedo place you go to and that's the good way to go."
"But, it's not unusual to do some different looks."
This is a cap toe shoe.
"So you can do cap toe, wing tip, there's a lot of different options on that."
Has this ever happened to you?
"It's five o'clock, you have to be at a party at six o'clock and you still have your gift to wrap."
And this coordinates beautifully with the design on my gift bag.
So you're going to go ahead and do that a couple times.
And I'm going to do it on both sides because I like to spread my tissue paper out once I put my gift in.
"You could use an edge, a straight edge if you needed to."
I like to just eyeball it.
"So once that's done, I'm going to take my gift and I'm going to my friend's birthday party so I have made her a mug with some rub ons that says friends."
"So I'm going to put that in the middle of my tissue paper, pull all my edges up, first I'm going to flip it around, there we go, pull all my edges up, put it into my gift bag, and then I'm going to fluff it up so she will see the beautiful stamping I did with my wheel on her gift."
"So you have a quick and easy gift wrap, your tissue paper looks beautiful, she'll thing you spent a million bucks on it."
I'm Janet Casto your Independent Demonstrator with Stampin' Up.
Don't be late for your next party.
What are you going to do?
Well I can help.
"I'm Janet Casto, your Independent Demonstrator with Stampin' Up, and I'm going to show you a quick and easy way using a gift bag and tissue paper to really create a beautiful gift wrapping."
So I had already stamped on this gift bag and so I've done that and just tied a little ribbon as an accent.
And now I want to work with my tissue.
So what I'm going to do is insert my ink and put my wheel in.
"And when I'm putting my tissue paper in, the only thing that's going to show is the top edges, so that's the only thing I really need to stamp."
And I'm just going to go ahead and run a couple lines.
"Hi, I'm Donna Barnes, I'm a life and dating coach and owner of NY Dating Coach here in New York City."
In this clip we'll talk about the best online Canadian dating sites.
And there are two really top ones because they both allow you to pay in Canadian currency and not have to pay in American currency and transfer it over.
So first there's CanadianPersonals which lets you create a free profile and again it's all definitely just Canadian money and Canadian dollars.
There's a number of scheduled events in numerous cities hosted by actual members that it tells you about so it gives you more ways to connect.
And it tells you if any members have been inactive and so it keeps a very close watch on what is actually happening.
"The next site is Date.ca which also allows you to pay in Canadian dollars, it has a twenty-four hour customer care staff that is available seven days a week and they can help you out with anything that you need a little bit of extra care with, and they have a really well balanced number of men and women profiles so it's not like there's more of one than another."
This is Donna Barnes from New York City.
"Hi, I'm Ginger Walker, owner of Clean Junkies."
"We're going to talk today about how to wash your blue jeans, the proper way to wash your blue jeans."
"But also again with the friction of jeans, that's going to wear down the denim and, and cause you to get holes easier and that type of things so stick with about four pairs of jeans."
"Obviously if they're little jeans you can put a few more in there, but the heavier the material the more wear you're going to get on your washer."
"Okay when we put in our blue jeans we're going to make, want to make sure that we put it on a heavy duty setting or you can use your normal setting."
The one thing that you want to pay attention to when you're doing your darks is your temperature.
You want to make sure that you're using cold water so that you can retain the color in your jeans.
If you've got a really dark jean you definitely want to use cold.
"If you've got a lighter jean, an acid wash, something like that, you can use a warm setting but the best thing to do is always use cold, then you're set, you don't have to worry about it."
"Okay, when your jeans are done washing, you'll get those out."
"Now you can go ahead and throw your jeans in the dryer if you don't mind, you know, the color is going to fade eventually, or a lot of people will hang dry their jeans."
"the best thing to do is turn them right side out again, give them a good shake, and hand them over something, you know, you can use as long as it doesn't, can't rust, you can use whatever you like."
"When you're washing your blue jeans you want to make sure you're going to check your pockets, we're good on this one."
"So just give them a good hang there, let them air dry."
"When they're done air drying, if you don't like that stiff feeling that the air drying will give you, you can throw them in the dryer for about ten minutes on a warm setting and it'll give you a nice soft feeling again."
And you always turn your blue jeans inside out.
"The reason for that is when you wash blue jeans, generally you're washing them together and the friction that the blue jeans have on each other wears the color down."
So if you turn them inside out you're not going to get as much of that.
"Ah, sucker sticks, cell phones, keys and chap stick of course."
So it's very important to always check your pockets.
Turn your jeans inside out.
"When you're washing blue jeans you don't want to wash more than four pair at a time and the reason why is, it's such heavy fabric that your washer, it can really wear on your washer."
My name is Lauren and today I'm going to discuss how to dye black hair.
"If your hair is naturally very dark brown or black, you are going; you can use an at home coloring system."
"You're not going to put it down, you're not going to place it down, bring it back with the rest of the hair, what happens is you get little spots on the under lying hair which can make it look very stripy or leopardy."
"So you're going to paint, lift and release."
You can also put regular color on your hair from root to end although I wouldn't suggest doing major change at home.
"If your hair is colored black, the only way for you to get that color out is to go to a salon and get it professionally done."
Salons carry either hair color removers which will lift any deposited hair color out of the hair while keeping the natural hair color in tact.
Or you can get your hair highlighted in order to start to lighten it up.
It will be impossible for you to actually lift black hair color out of your hair from your house using home highlighting kits or any color.
So that is how to dye black hair.
However you do not want to lift it that much.
"You would have very slight change in the color, maybe lift by like a level or two."
If you'd like to go a lot lighter than where you are with black then I suggest going to a salon in order for them to do it.
The professional color can get a little bit higher volume peroxide which will actually help bring your hair up to a higher level plus counteract any brassiness that it may undergo.
If you are going to be doing it at your house because you just like a little bit you can either use that home highlighting kit.
And you can put a little bit on the brush that they supplied for you.
And you're simply going to paint some highlights on a section of hair.
When you let go of it you're simply going to release it.
Hi!
Before I paint my ceiling I'm going to want to go through and patch up any holes that I see.
This is going to give my final product a much better look.
What I'm going to do is just take a little bit of mud and put it in that hole and since my ceiling is textured I'm going to run my hand over it and try to give it a little bit of texture that will match the texture that is already on the ceiling.
Now even though you could still see this once it is painted it would be virtually impossible to see unless you are really looking for it.
If you have any nails that are showing in your ceiling first thing you want to do is take the hammer and lightly hit those in.
Just enough to where they sit down into the dry wall just a little bit.
Then we are going to take our mud and mud our nail hole.
I'm going to run my fingers over that again and see if I can give it some of the texture that the ceiling has just by blending that in.
Let's drill our Egyptian walk switching our saiidi arms.
"Let's start with the left hand down, right hand up, weight on the right foot, weight on the ball of the left foot, knees bent and lift the hip up and down and switch."
Step.
Lift.
Step.
Lift.
Step.
Lift.
Step.
Lift.
Step.
Lift.
Up and down.
Slow it down again and step.
Lift so you want your hands in place by the time your hip travels.
Step and lift and your chest always stays forward.
Good.
Knees point in the same direction.
Lift.
Step and lift.
Make sure both knees are bent so you don't get this up and down trying to get the hip moving.
Lift and step and lift.
Double time.
Now make sure when you lift that hip that you're not making the hand go up and down as well.
Step.
Lift.
Step.
Lift.
Step.
Lift.
Step.
Lift.
Good.
Practice in front of a mirror make sure you're not bobbing up and down.
Your hip is moving in contrast to the hand and step and lift.
Make sure your hands aren't doing something funny.
You want nice clear lines.
Excellent.
Step and lift.
Step.
Lift.
A little faster.
Lift.
"When you come into one pose that stretches particular muscles, it's always good to come into a counter pose to stretch the opposing muscles."
So I'm going to have Gina extend her feet out.
"If it's okay for your neck, you can let the neck just drop back if not you want to keep it right in line with your spine."
Good.
"Now I'm just going to gently press into Gina's toes right here so that she gets that stretch through the top of her feet and then taking my feet on either side, I'm going to use my hands to lift her up and just help her come into that stretch just a little more deeply."
Good.
And then we're just going to ask Gina to come right back on down again.
Good.
She's going to demonstrate this for you with Upavistha Konasana to an extreme ease pose or a reverse plank pose.
"She's seated in dandasana right now with her feet flexed towards her nose, sitting up nice and tall."
She's going to inhale and reach her arms up to the sky.
And then she's going to exhale forward into Parsvottonasana or a forward bend.
Good.
"So the counter pose to this, Gina is going to lengthen up, take her hands back, press into the hands and open up her chest, roll her shoulders back."
Good.
"Then she's going to press through her big toe mounds, press big toes into the ground as she lifts her hips up."
Next up is to powder the skin now I know a lot of older women like more mature women do not like to wear powder they feel like it sets in there lines but there is a lot of new powders with finer texture that do not settle into lines.
It is imperative that you wear powder just to set the foundation it is going to keep in place all day.
So I like to use a loose powder.
Press powder just for touching up in your purse.
A loose powder you just want to gently brush it over the skin.
I just have a little extra powder there and definitely do not be heavy handed with powder.
Just a light sweeping and then remember what I said about putting the powder on top of the concealer you definitely want to take a sponge and you are actually going to press it on.
If you just dust it on with a brush it doesn't work as effectively but when you use a sponge it actually will help keep that oil in place.
So as you can see perfectly powder and still looking like herself.
Her gorgeous self.
"Hi, this is John Stewart, and this is how to tell people where you're going, and when you're going to be there."
"When you go camping, you need to let other people know where you're going to be, how long you're going to be there, and when you're coming back."
Tell them when you're supposed to be back.
"If you're driving there, flying there, something like that."
"This is key also, signing in at a ranger's office."
"They're going to ask you to sign in, sign out, so that they know you're there, for that certain amount of time."
"Also, don't just tell one person."
Dont tell your wife.
Maybe tell your mom.
Tell your dad.
Tell your best friend.
"Tell more than one person, so that in case someone forgets, someone else remembers that you're supposed to be back, and if you're not, they can send somebody out to look for you, so this is how to tell others about going camping."
These things are very important.
"Once you decide that you want to go out camping, you need to tell people."
"""Hey, I'm going to be on the Bushwhacker Trail, in the Morel Mountain State Park, in Kentucky."""
Tell them very specific stuff.
"If you're hiking a certain section of a trail, tell them what section you're going to be in."
"Try and be real, real precise, so they know exactly where you are."
Tell them when you're leaving.
Let them know that you've left.
Hi my name is Otis St. Clair and I am here today to talk to you about passing route plays. Now every team or every organization has a passing route tree so I'm going to show you the passing route tree and probably show you a couple of routes that you can run with your offense.
My name is Otis and that is our passing route plays.
The passing route tree starts with the wide receiver and goes up like this which would be called the fly route and then off of that we have our branches.
"The first branch we will draw is a quick out and that runs about 3 to 5 yards and then we have a slant route which is also running about 3 to 5, maybe six yards, going up from there and staying on to the outside we have a deep out, we have what is called a flat route which is running to the flag part of the in zone and then coming off of that and going back to the inside we have a curl which used to be called a butt hook and we would have a post route and then we have what is called an in or square in."
These routes also numbered as well.
"This one is called a one route for the quick out, two for the slant, three for the deep out, four for the in and five for the flat and six for the curl and we have a post corner that I forgot which is the seven route, eight is for the post route and the nine is the flat route."
So that is the passing tree.
"Our even numbers are to the inside with the football being right here so if you call an even number the passing tree, the passing routes are going to the inside so if you call an out route with an odd number you are going to the outside or towards the sidelines."
That is your basic simple passing route tree.
"You can make your play book from this tree right here, run your routes and score touch downs."
Just exactly is a rain stick ?
"I know that Native Americans, in the south west of Arizona make rain sticks and fill them with the seeds of the cactus."
"We are going to make rain sticks too, and if we are not fortunate enough to have a piece of cactus laying around there are other things we can use."
So won't you join me make a rain stick?
Who makes rain sticks?
And How are they made?
"Well this is a rain stick and rain sticks are made by people in Africa , they were made by the Aztecs, they are made by Native American and this particular rain stick was made by the Deaquitrix Tribe, people who live in Chile, just below the Andes mountains."
"How are real rains sticks made? People take a cactus that has died and has fallen down and while it is still soft, or just beginning to dry out they'll cut it into sticks the lengths they want, then as you can see here the thorns of the cactus are pulled off and turned around and pushed back into the cactus, all along the cactus, in holes that are naturally."
These spiral down or go up and down depending on the type of cactus.
Then the cactus is put in the sun to dry and a piece of the cactus is put in the bottom to seal it.
"Then the cactus is filled with something natural, this particular rain stick is filled with little pebbles."
"Now, we're going to discuss swamps."
Swamps are these little tiles that are greenish in color and hexagonal and they also are half sized pieces much like your water and they are a water source which means you cannot put molten lava on them.
"These actually come from the second master set, Swarm of the Marro which is going to be swamp heavy."
"And once again, as you see, they have the little grooves in them so they can slide easily in to each other and into land pieces."
"And the difference between swamp water and regular water is that Syvarris who has a move of five, when he moves over to water, he moved 1, 2, 3 spaces and he has a move of five."
"However, since he entered in water, he has to stop because that is the rule with water."
"Now, on the other hand, he move 1, 2 and be in swamp water and he continue -- can continue moving out his turn."
Swamp water does not have the stipulation that he has to stop so he can continue moving on.
"Now, swamp water also will give a lot of other creatures' benefits and this is why they put swamp water into the second master set also to give another game variant for Heroscape, the game and the expansions that have come before it."
We are going to talk a little bit about security and some of the things you can do to make it a little tougher for a thief to get in your house.
"What you need to do is just step your foot on the bottom of the door, push that latch closed and if you are going to be gone for long periods of time like you are going on vacatoin, most latches have a hole and you can actually put a padlock through it too."
Here's an example of a door that is nearly perfectly set up.
"You've got a door handle with a key, you've got a deadbolt and the door frame itself is actually recessed in so that you can't get a credit card in behind here."
A couple of things that I did notice about this door.
"One, this lock set up properly, installed properly but the deadbolt you will see is actually upside down."
This causes a problem with the springs.
Eventually taht will cause a weakness in the springs and the lock will fail because it is hanging upside down and you don't have gravity in your favor.
Another security issue that I see with this door is this window.
"This is a really quick easy way for a thief to get in and actually a thief loves to see these because he walks up, throws a rock through this window and reaches in and unlocks the door and away you go."
"In this case, this is the door that leads from the garage to the house."
You'll see there's no deadbolt.
The nice thing is that the door frame is built properly.
"The drawback is as with any lock if you don't lock it, it doesn't do you much good."
That is one of the things I can stress the most.
"When I come to a house that somebody has locked their keys in the house, I can almost find a window that is a cracked, a door that is open or some way of entry without even picking a lock."
One of the common things I find in houses when I come to unlock them is the garage.
"This garage door has an opener and it will hold the door to a certain extent but if you don't use this latch or don't have one of these latches, nothing else is going to help and this is just a quick easy way for someone to get in."
Now I want to talk a little bit more about eye contact and I'm going to give you a tip for making eye contact with the entire audience.
Sometimes it can be a little overwhelming to look at everyone in the audience.
They will be giving you visual feed back so that you can adjust something if you need to.
"Maybe you need to, you know if people are looking like they don't know what you're talking about, perhaps you need to slow down."
"Whatever it is, it can give you cues and clues to how you?re doing as you're giving your speech."
You might think of doing it this way.
"You might think of creating a pattern, meaning, I'm going to look at that group, then that group, then that group, then this group, then center."
"Or, maybe you make a Z formation."
"Maybe you look right, center, left, center, right, something."
"But create a pattern so that one, you don't get stuck somewhere and two, it's more of a mechanical thing in the sense of all the groups are the same."
"This is group A, this is group B, this is group C. I'm going to make sure to cover A, B, C, C, B, A."
"However it is, come up with a pattern."
"And the reason why this is so important is because by looking at the entire audience, you'll be able to see how they are responding to you as a speaker."
"If you're considering buying an African Grey Parrot, or, really almost any parrot, the first thing you should do is read."
"Get some books, read about the bird."
"What it likes to eat, what it likes to do."
"What kind of toys does it like to play with, so that I can make the bird more comfortable."
"And this is true with any bird, especially if you're looking at a Macaw or something, don't live in an apartment."
Some birds scream.
African Greys growl.
They're are different ways that these birds want to show that they want some attention.
"And, if you live in an apartment, you might make some neighbors very angry if you're getting the wrong bird."
"African Greys are normally very quiet, so they are good pets for living in a tight area."
But know your bird.
Know where the bird come from.
"Find out if the bird matches your personality, matches your living conditions, and so forth."
"Know something about the bird's personalities, about what to expect from that type of bird."
"There are plenty of books out there that you can read on African Greys, really on any kind of parrot or bird, and this should be done first."
"And then, also make sure that you've got proper housing for that bird."
"The housing can never be too large, but it can be too small."
"If you've got the bird in a cage that is too small, you're going to have an unhappy bird."
"Greys like to move around, they like to play with toys."
"They like to do antics, where they can turn upside down, and flip."
And they need the space to be able to do that.
So check out what your bird needs.
"Check out what the requirements of the bird is, and a little bit about the bird before you decide to go and buy one."
"Then, do some research."
I suggest that you buy parrots from breeders.
Breeders know the history of the bird.
"They know the...what the bird is able to do, the age of the bird."
"A lot of times, at pet stores, they just have the bird."
"They have no information, and so you're kind of left out in the lurch."
"I like to go to the person I get my birds from, talk to them about what my bird likes."
Now a lot of technique goes into ring throws and it's very different from throwing a ball or a club.
First suggestion for learning how to juggle rings is find a place indoors with a high enough ceiling to practice.
This can help guide the path especially for higher throws.
As you see just angling the ring a little bit automatically drove the ring rather out to the side.
Same goes for this side.
That's your basic ring throw.
"Once you get that down, the steps are the same as juggling with any prop."
"Start with one, add two and then work your way up to three."
"Doing it outside can be great, but rings are usually light enough that the slightest gust of wind will take them off course."
The object of your basic ring throw is to be able to see both sides of the ring as it travels past you.
When it's in one hand you can see the inside.
"As it travels through the other side, you see the inside over here."
Meaning you don't want the ring skew outward like this.
"The second your ring is skewed inward like this, you've obstructed the path of other rings."
The other thing to remember is that you can cheat a little bit with angling of your wrist.
"While you never want the ring to be changed on this plane, you can have it changed on this plane."
In this first section we're going to be talking about front kick.
"Your front kick is going to be your most basic kick, it's going to look like this."
"So, let's break it down, so one, pick up your foot, two, make sure you good front position kick, Keya, and three."
"Ok, now as you get better and better at it, start kicking higher and higher."
"So, one more time, one, two, Keya, three."
"So, here in guards up, look where you're kicking, one, now let's kick a little higher, two, Keya, three."
"Ok, now what I don't want to see, when you kick, I don't want you to bend your knee so you dip down, which a lot of people do."
"From your head, all the way down to the foot your standing on, everything should stay completely straight and upright."
"You don't want to bend, or a lot of people when they kick they go on their, your, your toes on this foot you're standing on."
Keep everything planted on the floor.
The only thing that moves should be your leg.
"From here, kick and down."
"You put your guards up, pick you leg up, kick and back down."
"So one more time, one, two hi-ya, three."
Good job!
"And, that is your front leg, front kick."
"That's going to be your front kick, it's a very basic kick."
Let's go ahead and break that down in three sections.
"First of all, let's talk about the part of the foot we kick with."
"Ok, now the part of the foot we kick with is the ball of your foot."
"Ok, the ball of your foot is going to be right here, right underneath your toes, that's going to be the ball of your foot."
"So, take your foot, put it on the floor like this, kind of like you're wearing high heels and stomp on the floor, you see how strong that is, keep it nice and tight."
"Now, from this position pick up your foot and this is going to be your chamber for your front kick."
"Now, with the decoy route again."
"Set, go!"
There you go.
"It forces him to make a decision; meanwhile, the ball may be going someplace else."
But what he's done is he's locked in his defender's attention and caused him to not be able to read and react to anything else going on in the field.
He has to respect that this man can possibly get the ball and get down the field.
"This opens up so many other things, so what the receiver has to do is he's gotta make sure--and we've gone over this before--that his initial steps look like he's getting the ball every time."
It's not just a matter of which route he's running but just the fact that he's even running a route.
"So, Chris, we're going to explode out into the five yard stop."
And he's gotta force Brian to still make that decision and to back off of him; he doesn't want him to get too close.
This is where he can sit and open up.
Now that opens up many things for any other plays or players on the field.
"This might be a running play, but he's got to run his route, essentially, just like the play before when he did get the ball."
So this time let's fire it out in full speed.
"Hi, this is Liz Muller, from Liz's Hair Design, in Hollywood, Florida."
"In this clip, we're going to talk about how to grow African-American hair long."
I didn't want to pull the weak hair that's already been you know hurt and damaged from all the stuff she did.
"So basically, setting the hair, treating it well, taking care of it, telling them to use certain products at home, like the Moroccan oil which is wonderful, or maybe you want them to use a semi di lino oil."
That's also very good for the hair.
Thank you.
This is Liz speaking.
We have a really beautiful model here.
"This young lady actually was a marine, and her hair was in extensions for quite a long time."
"What I did basically is when she came to me her hair was very thin in the top because of the extensions, and she had weak hair."
"Her hair is fine, and she's got a relaxer in there, but she couldn't relax her hair for a while, so she basically needed a lot of treatments."
"What I did for her is we constantly treated this hair once a week, and we put mask protein and moisture mask in this head of hair to treat it."
I also set the hair.
"I believe in setting the hair because it just makes it strong, makes it really nice."
I don't believe in blowing it out.
Hi my name is Dave Andrews and today I'm going to tell you what hardware means in computer terms.
When we are referring to computer hardware we are talking about the devices that make up the computers that we use.
Each of these are components of this computer.
"Now I'm not going to open up my laptop but inside of here, we are going to have a hard drive."
"Now that's a device that stores files on your computer, basically it's a magnetic little cylinder that will spin around and has read heads that will store and save and retrieve data."
There's also going to be memory that's inside of your laptop.
That's going to be a piece of computer hardware.
"That's what your computer uses while it's running, not necessarily to store long term data but just data that's operating on at that time."
"You know in the case of a laptop there's going to be a battery, that's computer hardware."
"And underneath this little case right here, it's what's called a motherboard."
"And that's going to include your processor, your video card, your sound card and those other pieces of computer hardware that make up the computer."
My name is Dave Andrews and I've just explained to you what hardware means in computer terms.
"This is going to be your monitor your mouse, your keyboard, that's all computer hardware."
Now I'm going to use my laptop as an example.
There are several things within this laptop that would qualify as a computer hardware.
"The laptop itself would be a piece of hardware, but also would be each individual component that makes up this laptop."
For instance this screen here.
That's going to be a piece of computer hardware.
"The keyboard that's built into the base of the laptop is going to be computer hardware, this mouse pad that's on the front is computer hardware."
The CD drive here is going to be hardware as well.
Hi!
"If it is not far enough, tighten it up and screw it in some more."
"In this video clip, I will be talking about using a drywall screw gun."
"When we are screwing in drywall, we want to make sure that the screw just leaves a dimple in the paper for the drywall."
We dont want the screw to go all the way through.
"If you are using a regular drill, some times it can take a little while to get the hang of it."
The way that you set this drywall screw gun is you turn this collar on the end of the drill.
"And if you take a look at the picture here, if you turn it to the left it is going to leave the screw out further."
"If you turn it to the right, it is going to sink it in a little bit further."
So you are going to have to use a few test screws; screw it in.
"Hi, my name is Cindy Mastry with Yoga Etc."
Beautiful!
In this pose you're surrendering your head to your heart so you allow yourself to lead with your heart.
Beautiful Faith!
"That's the split bow, thanks so much."
Faith is going to help me show the split bow in this clip.
So Faith is going to inhale in and reach her arms up standing in mountain pose.
"Good, she's going to extend her left foot forward ground through her left thigh and root down through her left foot."
She's going to engage her core and lift her right leg back and bring her arms all the way down to the floor and extend her leg up to the sky.
So she wants to feel a long line of energy from the crown of her head all the way up to the tip of her toe.
"To split the bow she's going to bend her knee and reach back with her opposite hand, reach onto her toe and then lengthen though her thigh, open through her chest and pull her knee upward."
"Yes, good job Faith."
Now if you want to take this a little bit further you could also take your hand off the ground and wrap it around your calve and stand in balance.
And now we continue with the L Shape Traveling Walk with the stretch on the ends.
So let's start out on the right foot.
So imagine like moving from the inside out like a star.
You're the star from the inside out.
"Letting the movement radiate from the center, from your core as you stretch out, reach out."
Enjoy the stretch.
We take three steps forward and then we pause on that right foot and left foot goes up and we stretch.
"We walk back, balancing on the left foot, we stretch."
"We walk to the right, step touch step and we stretch."
We walk to the left and we stretch.
And then we walk back forward and we stretch.
And then that stretch freely lets your body yawn and open.
"Walk, step touch step, stretch."
"Step touch step, open."
I'm going to show you how to use the Janowak head harness.
What it's designed for is to help pulling dogs.
"Any kind of fussing or fidgeting, get your treats out, coax him with you."
Good boy.
"Turn him around, lots of treats."
Get a good walk going.
"I can bring him around, I can bring him next to me, and I can reward him for staying by my side."
It keeps him nice and calm as long as he is not fussing around.
"With a dog on a regular flat collar or a Martingale which this is, when he gets ahead of you, I got give him a pull back, I got to use a little bit more strength."
"If I get walking with him and he wants to get a head of me, I got to pull him a little bit more."
He's not pulling real bad now.
"We get going with something, come on, come on."
I have to encourage him a little bit more.
"With the head harness, once you hook it up, I can guide him around a little bit easier."
"You want to remember to never yank, never pull, never leash pop."
Always use a slow fluid movement.
"Hey, this is Tracy Goodwin and I'm the red sweater lady."
And I'm here to talk to you about having a very successful job interview.
You made it this far.
Your resume and your qualifications were impressive enough to get you to this point.
"Now, we really want to do a bang up job at the interview so that you can get that job offer that you want."
And I'm talking about the actual interview itself.
"Now I don't know if you knew this or not, but there are three phases in an actual interview."
"You have what is called the warm-up, the question and answer stage, and the closing."
And we're going to talk about all of those and what is important to each and every phase.
Also going to take a look at what happens after the interview.
What happens during the interview with regards to information that you want to find out and information the employer is going to find out from you.
Lots of important tips and strategies for make the absolute best impression that you can at the interview.
Which is very important in such a competitive job market that we live with today.
"Hi, this is Jon, and in this clip we'll be applying the first coat of finish."
For my finish I've chosen a clear semi-gloss wood finish.
"It's just a kind of a plain Jane clear wood finish, and it's going to seal my wood and really protect it."
"Now you'll notice I did put gloves on, and this is going to just protect my hands from the finish, and I'm going to be putting the finish on with a real small paintbrush."
I'll just get a little finish on and paint it right on.
The key is just to make even brush strokes and you want to completely cover your workpiece.
"The first coat of finish will be just a little bit thicker than the second coats, and that's primarily just because the wood grain is going to soak it all up and the finish is going to seal that wood grain."
Make sure you're getting both sides of your project and you also want to get all of the edges really good.
"After I finish putting my first coat on, I just take my paintbrush and go over it one more time, just to remove any excess finish or any runs that may have occurred, and I'm going to let that sit for 24 hours while it dries."
"The next project we're going to show you for Mother's Day, is some rub-ons that you can use with little glass vases."
"Rub-ons are really hot right now, and here's one that I've done."
"And here's a nice little mug, with some rub-ons."
"So, let's get started."
"The first thing I'm going to do is, choose what I want to rub on."
"So I'm going to go ahead and use this chocolate chip, and there's this really pretty butterfly, so."
"Because it's in a little bit, I'm going to go ahead and cut it out."
"If it was closer to the edge, I could just lift up the paper, and slide it in."
And then you just want to make sure that your glass is clean and dry.
"And, I've already done that."
"So, I've taken my butterfly, and I'm just going to press it here."
A couple things you can do here.
"This is called an old olive color, and I've just rubbed it onto this cute little vase."
"I just use kind of the heat from my hand, and kind of push it down."
You could also put a piece of tape there to hold it.
The pack of the rub-ons come with this little Popsicle stick.
"You can use that to rub, you could use your bone folder to rub."
I like to use my stylus.
"So, now that I have it in place."
"And I'm just going to turn it, and hold it down flat, and I'm just going to go ahead and rub."
"And you're just going to rub, and you'll see, as you're rubbing, that the color on your, what you're embossing, is going to lighten, as it's applied to the glass."
"So you just keep rubbing, and rubbing, until you see it lifting."
"And then you can go ahead and push with your thumb, and you can see, I'll need a little bit more there."
Here's some other things you can do.
And then just go ahead and gradually lift it off.
"If it's not ready to come, just give it another rub."
"Sometimes it takes a little time, but just be patient."
"And then when you lift it off at the end, you will have a beautiful butterfly rub-on to your glass vase."
"And when you come back, I'll show you what else you can do with these."
This is a votive holder.
This one also has rub-ons.
"Here's a little jar, this one also has rub-ons."
I've just tied it with a ribbon.
"This would be really cute with some cotton balls in it, if you used it in the bathroom."
"Q-tips, any small little thing that you want to put."
"If 18 standards and six sub-categories seem like a little much and a bit complicated way to teach geography to you, then there is a much simpler way to think about it that will also set your feet on the right path."
"In its most basic form, geography is about places, people and cultures."
"As we said earlier, we believe that geography should be an every day subject and not something that turns up once in a while in a child's education."
The reason for this is that geography relates in some way to what's going on in our children's formal educations every day.
"All that is necessary for us to incorporate geography on a daily basis as parents is to begin to be aware of what geography is in the study of places, people, and cultures and to begin to look for ways that it shows up in every day life and then work that into what we are already teaching."
"In this way our children not only grow in geographical literacy, they also make real connections with why geography is important to their every day life in the future as well as right now."
We agree with Charlotte Mason that the essence of education is forming personal relationships with the great ideas of all time.
"We encourage children to form relationships with the people, the places and the cultures that are around them as well as those that are in the larger world."
In this way they build cultural literacy a little bit at a time and they become comfortable living in the great big world.
"In the next three segments, we are going to go stage by stage, and help you to see what kinds of things you can do to encourage geographical literacy in the early elementary years, in the middle elementary years and then again in high school."
"That's it, so if you focus on thinking about geography as the study of places, people and cultures, you will quickly be able to find ways to integrate it into all areas of your curriculum."
"The study of places includes map skills, geology, terrain maps, and political maps, learning the rivers and mountain ranges, states, capitals and much, much more."
"The study of people would include current events, race and ethnicity, population, migration and density, historical persons, such as monarchs, scientists, or adventurers, events, wars and crusades, native populations."
"Then there are current adventures that are going on, such as World Cup Races or following the life of the oldest man to swim the English Channel."
In studying culture there is some overlap in what we study with people because cultures are made up of collections of peoples.
"One of the things that can be studied is cultural development, as a result of geographical surroundings, such as people who live in deserts, on islands."
"When you are studying culture, you are also going to look at other things like art, music, religion, and daily living."
"So you can see in thinking geography, just in the simple terms of places, people, and culture, that if you brainstorm on those three topics alone, you can very quickly come up with a lot of ways to integrate geography into every aspect of your curriculum."
The topic today is how to interpret tire ratings.
This tire is a two o five sixty slash sixteen.
Which means it was made in a thirty eighth week of 06.
"Sometimes when you buy tires, you'll find that they have been sitting on a shelf for a while."
Always check that rating first.
Tires should not be put in your car if they are more then five years old.
This will help you not to have a blowout or something.
"Tires, although tires are brand new on the shelf, that doesn't mean that they haven't disintegrated."
"The rubber deteriorates, everything deteriorates in a tire from the day they are manufactured."
"So always check your temperatures, make sure you get the proper car tire for your car, this will determine how good your tire is."
And if it's the right tire and the right proper tire for your car.
And there's an R there.
The R means radial.
Other tires were bias.
"There is a number here which is the temperature rating, four hundred."
There is a traction rating of AA and there's a temperature rating of A.
These numbers determine how long the tire will last and what type of speed they will take and how hard a tire they are.
"There is also a number down here, which tells you the date the tire was made."
This one I think was thirty eight o six.
I'm Jason Shoemaker at Slugfest Printmaking Workshop and I'm going to show you how to wipe a plate in intaglio printmaking.
So you can scrub in the ink.
That helps even it out a little bit.
I generally like to just get in to wiping.
The idea is that it's in the wrist and keep moving in a sweeping pattern.
Always starting off the plate and ending off the plate.
So it's just a motion like this.
And you keep turning the plate as you need to.
"Now we're using a pretty, already saturated tarleton."
You can see ink is getting on there.
So what you want to do is just move around to a cleaner part.
We have our tarleton.
Now we're going to pull off a little more ink.
And this first waves is going to get some of the excess ink off.
"Get the ink down in the crevices, move it around."
You already start to see the image coming through there.
Now we've gotten to about that point we want to switch to a less saturated tarleton.
We slowly get cleaner and cleaner with the tarletons.
This one's ready to go.
And you can see it's pulling off more ink and we're getting more of the image showing through there.
"And again, just keep turning around and make sure you're starting off the plate and ending off the plate."
If you stop on the plate you actually will leave ink on there.
It's been balled up.
And you actually see some of the pattern of the tarleton.
Now we go even cleaner.
This one isn't brand new but it's clean enough to do what we need it do.
And if you need to concentrate in certain areas you want to kind of pick up the tarleton.
You can hit it with your hand if you want.
But just keep it moving.
Good in the hand.
We have our hot plate which is slightly warm just to keep the plate hot so that you can move around.
We've got our plate and it's inked up.
Now there's a few different techniques wiping the plate.
It's going to be different for every plate that you do.
You just need to print and kind of see what the plate is doing and then keep going.
I'm Dr. Joe Neely.
I practice with the Barton Oaks Dental Group.
"When a tooth is sensitive to pressure, then it typically will mean that you either have a fracture, something moving inside the tooth, or up against the gum, or an infection contained in the structure around the tooth, be it gum or bone, but it's trapped in between two structures, and the pressure from that infection, causes pain."
We're going to talk about the symptoms of a toothache.
"Obviously, the main symptom of the toothache, is pain."
"The more specific, in terms of breaking down pain, would be whether the pain was sharp and intense, or dull and unrelenting."
"Typically, the sharp intense pains come suddenly, and then are gone."
"The deeper pains are probably not as sharp, or are sudden of impact, but they stay in just the simple length of time, is an issue."
"Typically, if a tooth is sensitive to hot or cold, it means that the nerve in the tooth is still partially alive, and it can respond to temperature."
"If the tooth is sensitive to air, that also is an indication, that the tooth is still alive."
"Maybe damaged, may have some other issues, but there's still some live nerve tissue."
Part of our sport requires that a rider know how to go in select the correct cow bring it out and get it singled all by itself.
Our rider happens to have an easy right there we have decided that we are going to get the number three cow with the horn's.
We just didn't hold the heard as well as we would like to.
All of those skills about working a cow are what make this part just as successful as learning to track and control it.
We will go ahead and get one more cow and see if we can bring that one out.
When we go into get the cow we are thinking about the cow and you put pressure on your good cow.
Pressure is almost magical to me.
"It means that the rider is just keep her eyes, her horse on one particular cow as the rest of them stay back in with the heard."
So we got that cow out pretty successfully just losing one in the process.
Most of the time we might have two or three what we call turn backs or heard settlers.
That make this just a little bit easier and organized.
All she needs to know is what we had learned in our previous segment about how to put pressure on the cow and ask it to come on out.
By maneuvering our horse in between the cow and the heard and continuing to push on it.
We will have her turn around now and go in and try and get one that's just a little bit more difficult.
She will select a cow that makes her go into the heard in what we call you want to kind of slice it right down the middle.
Deciding which way do I want to send that cow.
"I am going to try to hold the heard with just one person that might be a little bit difficult but my job is to keep that heard form wanting to go bust or getting out of the, of the boundaries we have set."
Cows want to return to where they came from so as she goes into get her cow she's trying to keep just the pressure on the one cow that she's after.
So if she was going after the black cow and she was able to successfully get it out.
ALVIN DEDEAUX: The thing you want to watch out though is not to get in a habit of doing a lot of false cast for no reason.
"Like I said, there's a couple of uses for the false cast but most of the time you want to try to get that fly back in the water as quickly as you can."
I mean the fish are not in the air so waiving your line around in the air is not going to catch any fish.
"And also every time that you make a false cast, there's a chance you could do something wrong and mess up your cast, tangle your line or whatever."
"So if you're using the false cast to lengthen your line, you really don't need to make more than about four strokes so one, two, three, four."
"And if you're using proper casting technique, that's all the false casting you need to do to cast as far as you should ever need to cast."
"So just try not to make a habit of doing a lot of false casts unless you are trying to dry your fly out or you are trying to redirect your cast or, you know, move your fly over a different target."
"Four strokes is usually all you need: one, two, three, four."
Moving along.
Our next step is called the shuffle turn with a pivot.
Keep turning into a pivot step.
"7, 8."
So it's an 8 count move again.
"1 and 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 1 and 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8."
If the turns make you a little dizzy.
"1 and 2, so start your shuffle turn."
Just mambo and come back.
Shuffle turn and mambo back to the bench.
"Sometimes when my students face the back of the room, they get a little mixed up because they can't see the instructor anymore."
"Shuffle turn, pivot, and back to the bench."
"If you remember, our turn step moved us so that we were putting the opposite shoulder in."
We started with the right shoulder in.
We moved so we had the left shoulder in.
That's important to remember in the shuffle turn.
"We did a rhythm change, shuffle, turn, pivot."
There's actually 2 turns in there.
"If you get a little dizzy, you can do a mambo instead."
Shuffle turn is the first part.
"Good afternoon my name is Tom Brintzenhofe I'm here out of Reading, Pennsylvania to show you how to change car brakes."
"I've already got the wheel off, I got this thing up and supported to make time a little bit easier."
Take your old brake pad either way it doesn't matter that way or that way.
Grab your brake tool you can find it in any local parts store.
They are under ten dollars.
You want to slide that in here and push that in there to get both pistons you can actually see it going back in.
"You want to make sure both of them are all the way in, get them turned in there like that."
Slide your caliber back over your new brake pads get your bolts back in tighten everything back up just remember pump your brake pedal up a few times before you go pulling out because your piston won't be exposed on your brake pads right away.
That's all you need to do.
Tighten her up and you are good to go.
"What you want to do is look at your assembly here your brake caliper, the only typically just two bolts holding it in."
I've already located and loosened the bolts for you.
You are going to take them out or take on of them out.
"Rotate this upwards it's going to expose your entry front brake pads, real simple just pull them right out."
And again make sure you hold on to this.
The last thing you want to do is drop that down on your fingers.
Grab one of your brand new brake pads and slide it in there.
"Ok you want to take your inside brake pad stick it in the holder there, get in the back one."
The next exercise that we're going to do is called seal puppy.
"So, take one hand and wrap it through one leg."
The other hand to wrap it through the other.
"Clap your feet three times together, and just like on rolling like a ball, inhale to go back, clap your feet three times and come up on the exhale and clap your feet."
"Again, do not let yourself roll so far forward that your feet touch."
But try to stop in the beginning position.
"Clap your feet again, initiate with the pelvic tilt."
Go back clap and come up.
You can vary the intensity of the exercise by pulling your feet in closer to you or by stretching them out farther away.
This just like rolling like a ball is an excellent massage for your spine.
Open hand strikes.
I really like open hand strikes because you have less damage to your hand and also you don't really have to condition your hand to use that.
"For an open hand I recommend hitting with the bottom, basically the heel of your hand in a downward motion or an upward motion, also a ridge hand which can be this part of your thumb, the outside or the back side of your hand as well."
"To hit I would use open hand for your neck and your jaw hits, once again using the heel of your hand coming up or coming down."
"For the ridge hand, say you are going to strike in to the neck here, it comes straight here, boom, or opposite side with the back of the hand here."
"Up, down, ridge, ridge."
"To strike in to the neck I go straight in with the ridge hand, I wouldn't really use a fist or the heel of your hand but use the ridge."
"For the jaw line, for the head you can use a fist as well but the open hand works best like I said because you are not really damaging your hand and yet it's still effective."
It still hurts the opponent.
"OK, so now we have our pad with paper, with some different fish species that we were interested in and some different points on them from the local fish dealer."
We're going to take that home and we're going to go online.
You want to know how hardy they are.
"You want to know their water requirements, be it PH and temperatures and things like that."
"These are all important, especially if you?re putting together a community fish tank."
We?re going to need to find out all these different things about all these different fish that you want to try keeping.
"And then, make sure that they're all within the same requirements."
We can't very well keep fish that have different temperature requirements or different PH requirements together because we will be compromising the health of one species or another.
We're going to hop onto the internet and we're going to do our own search on each of those individual species of fish.
"Not say that your fish dealer is lying to you or wrong, but different people have different opinions about things and sometimes have different personal experiences from different fish."
We want to make sure that we get a wide scope of information about these various different species.
I can?t stress enough that the key to keeping fish happy and healthy is research.
Find out as much about that fish as you possibly can.
You want to know where they come from.
You want to know how big they get.
You want to know what they eat.
Now that we rinsed and washed our rice we're going to add our water and coconut milk and put it in our rice cooker and just be able to let it set.
"If your cooking on the stove again your going to use 2 cups of rice for 2 cups of liquid but with the rice cooker because it holds in liquids so fully your going to use just 1 1/2 cup of rice for 1 cup of coconut milk, and 1 cup of water."
"So we've got our rice all nice and clean I add in just under a cup of water because again the rice cooker does keep the liquid in so fully, pour that in there, we'll pour in our 1 cup of coconut milk, because they'll be about an inch of liquid covering the rice."
We'll through this in here I stir it a little bit since we're using 2 different kinds of liquid and very importantly you want to keep the lid on while the rice is cooking try to resist the temptation to open it up and see how's it doing.
Flip down the lid and about 20 minutes you'll have some really sweet fragrant delicious rice to go with your stir fry.
"I think it is a good idea to keep score when you're playing solitaire, because most of the time when you play solitaire, you're not going to win."
"So keep a keep score, say I'm going to play four times or six times, and my cumulative score, I'll remember that for the next time that I play this particular type of solitaire."
"In this case, the way I would keep score with this game is, I would add up the cards remaining on the tableau, and each one is worth one, so one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen, fourteen."
"I have a score of fourteen, and I'm going to add that to what I'm left with on the next one, and so forth."
"The idea is to get a lower score, so if you do win a hand, and it's not that hard, give yourself a score of zero."
"So if you have a cumulative score of say seventy, next time, hope that you can get sixty after your four games."
"Already, lets go to something else we can do with coconut and thats make coconut milk."
First we take some shredded coconut and we pour it in the blender.
What we are going to do is were going separate the shredded part from the milky part.
"So we pour that one there, like so."
Then we take the cheese cloth and we squeeze it.
"And you can see, there is quite a bit of white milky substance coming out here."
And you keep squeezing and squeezing.
The shredded coconut you can put in and make candies with.
Because this shredded coconut is still good.
"And, in fact, if I wanted to, I could put this back in the blender again, do the same process all over again."
And get a little bit more milk before I would be ready to take that shredded coconut and use it in some other ingredient to make possibly candies or cake.
So that is how you make the good coconut milk.
"Then we take, usually you use two parts water to one part coconut."
"So we take some water, now of course, you want to use really spring water or some treated water."
You don't want to use chlorinated water.
"Because we want to make sure we want to make sure we have nice, nice good coconut milk."
Then we take the blender and we turn it on.
"Alright, it doesn't take very long."
"Now once we have done that, lets push this aside a little bit."
We have a little measuring cup and some cheese cloth.
"Alright, we are ready to talk about solutions."
"And at this point in the program, what you want to do is pose possible solutions."
"So, win-win starts to become about compromise."
These are the things that I really really want.
"This is what you really really want, so I'm going to have to compromise a little, you're going to have to compromise a little, so that we can both win."
And that's what you're going for as you start to pose and create these solutions.
"Now you notice I stressed possible, because, you're going to come up with some solutions, but, it, don't think in terms of well these are our solutions, and if these don't work, then the relationship is over."
"You may go through a number of solutions, before you find what actually works, to repair the relationship."
"The first thing, we have to look at when posing a solution, is think in terms of win-win strategies."
"You don't want a win-lose strategy, that will not repair the relationship."
And what I'm talking about win-lose versus win-win.
"I get everything I want, you get nothing."
"OK, this is what I want, this is the relationship that I see and I'm going to get all of it."
The other person loses.
My name is Abby Jones.
And I'm talking about things that can make the process of moving into a new space or apartment easy and efficient.
And I don't need to find a permanent space for them here.
Because I'm going to be using them all up to print letters.
So that's just some examples of things that I'm going to be giving away.
"That I don't, or taking away from the apartment."
So I don't need to spend time and energy finding a place to put them in this apartment.
"And so one of the things that I like to do is to keep an area in my new place, where I keep things that I'm going to give away or that I need to return to people."
"So as I've been unpacking things, I've run across things that I need to return to people or that I don't want anymore."
And I'm putting them over here in this corner to help avoid clutter in the areas where I'm going to be putting things away.
"So for instance these, this tapestry and this pillow, I had at my old apartment, but I don't have space for it at this apartment."
"So, I'm going to be returning those to my parents who were lending that to me at my new apartment, I mean my old apartment."
"These tension rods I was using in windows at my old apartment, but I don't have the same space here."
So I'm going to be giving those away.
These bags of paper and things I'm using for a project that I'm working on.
In this clip we will be talking about flavored white tea.
This white tea is a tea for people who don't like to drink straight white.
We have some kind of flavor which will enhance the appetite to drink this white tea.
The white tea which we are going to talk about is called White Lovers Cup.
It's a white tea with red rose and raspberry.
Again it has a very low amount of caffeine and it has a higher amount of antioxidants in it.
"So this can also be good with spicy foods, if you're having anything spicy maybe you can have this iced or hot and it's really excellent."
It's delicate and it really brews a very lighter cup of tea.
It really produces a very natural yellowish licorice color I would say and the aroma again is excellent because it's flavored with rose petals and raspberry.
Today we're going to talk about how to choose a depilatory wax for your type of waxing.
The first thing that you need to do is determine where on your body you're going to be waxing.
"You can use either one for the underarms, but if you have a person who's very sensitive, very fair-skinned, it might be more appropriate to use the hard wax for them."
"The legs, you know, you can use the hard wax on the legs as well."
"When you have larger areas, I find the hard wax is very easy to manage, because you do not need to use fabric with it."
"It's a simpler step; you just pull it right off, and you're done, so that would be how you would choose those waxes."
There's a couple different types of wax that you can use.
One wax is a softer wax and will require you to use a cloth fabric strip to remove the wax once you've applied it to the skin with a spatula.
The other kind of wax that's available is a harder wax.
We call it a hard wax although it is soft.
"When you apply it to the skin, it hardens, and you do not need to use any kind of a fabric to remove it, it actually is removed just by peeling it right off, just as if it were a fabric strip."
"So the type of wax that you would use for facial hair would be the softer wax, where you would be required to use a cloth strip."
"If you were were waxing, for instance, the bikini area, it's much more appropriate to use the hard wax, because this leaves no residue on the skin, it's very good for sensitive areas."
It's also very good for the underarms.
Welcome to jeans 101 and I'm Harmonie Kreiger and I'm here to show you what jeans are going to look best for your body type.
Now it's very important when you go into the store that you have a few brand names in mind just so you'll know what brands you want to try on.
You can try on a good five to ten pair of jeans before you find that one pair that fits you exactly right.
Now I'm going to show you very different styles and very different washes of jeans so you know exactly what the differences are so when you go for shopping it will make it that much easier.
My number one tip is to bring a friend with you so they can tell you what looks good on you and what doesn't.
Cause your opinion might not be the opinion that counts in this case.
So just make sure you bring somebody with you and you look in four way mirrors.
That's my advice and let's go right into the first pair of jeans.
Did you know that guys need to have at least 3% body fat and women need to have at least 11% body fat for essential health?
I'm Carol Ann with Studio Group X and we're going to talk about how to calculate body fat.
The second way that you can measure body fat is through infrared reading where you can measure the muscle tissue within the body.
Another way is called bod pod where you are measuring the body weight in air displacement and then another way that you can measure body fat is through skin fold calipers.
Now this seems to be pretty popular to get your body fat measured in the gyms or wellness centers or anywhere so basically what you do is you take this caliper and you measure different sites on the body.
You are measuring the thickness of the skin and you have what is called subcutaneous layer of fat underneath the skin and so you are just going to pinch different areas of the body and that's what we are looking at.
"So a popular measurement is a three site measurement so you are going to measure tricep, abs, and thighs and then you sum up those skin folds, you put it into a formula and that is how you calculate your body fat."
Many people ask what is a healthy body fat range?
Well for men it is anywhere between 10 and 20% body fat and then for women anywhere between 15 and 25%.
"Now what is that 25, 15% of what?"
Well your body is made up of lean mass tissue and then your fat mass tissue so it's a ratio.
So for guys between 10 and 20% of your total body weight should be fat and then women 15 to 25%.
Now how do you measure body fat within your body?
Well there are several different ways that you can measure body fat.
The gold standard is what we call underwater hydrostatic weighing and basically you have a big tank of water and you have an individual sit on a scale and then totally submerge themselves under the water.
"""This pageant has just led me to where I am, playing soccer today. Thank you"". So point one should have it's own paragraph after you do the Introduction."
And this is the paragraph that you want to talk about why you chose your platform and how you can relate to its issues.
"For example I chose my platform, Prevention Of Elderly Neglect because for years I had visited and seeing at nursing homes were never visited b their families and that really concerned me, so that's how I chose my platform."
Point two needs to discuss what you plan to do with your platform.
"With my platform Prevention Of Elderly Neglect, I will establish a program that people can get involve with, to go visit nursing homes, specifically targeting those individuals who are neglected by their families."
"So that's something that you could incorporate into your second point, is how specifically are you going to make a difference with your platform."
"Hi, I'm Steve Anthony."
"I'm a musician, singer, actor, based out of New York and Miami."
We're going to take tension off of the string until we hear no tone when we pluck it.
That's pretty much it.
"And once we've released the tension from the string, we simply take our clipper and cut the string anywhere at all."
It doesn't really matter where.
In this case we're just right over the F hole.
"And unwind the string from the tuning peg, toss it aside, and then using our multi-tool; as you can see, there's a little notch right here, would pop the bridge pin out and remove the string."
"Now, you want to do this with all of the strings on the guitar."
"Open up our package of strings, and what we're going to do is we're going to need our second string here, which actually is our fifth string, I'm sorry."
"It's the A string. Take it out of the package, place the ball end back into the bridge slot, pop the bridge pin back in on top, press it in firmly, run the string through the nut, and give it a couple of turns around the the peg, and run the end of it through the hole in the peg."
"In this clip, we're going to talk about how to string a guitar."
"And if that's not accessible, you can always turn the key a little bit so that it comes into a more advantageous position for you."
"Run it through, snug it up a little bit, and then grab your peg winder, if you have it handy."
"If you don't, you can just do it by hand."
"Start cranking till' you get some tension on it, and that'll take up the slack in the peg."
"And once you get the tension on the string you can take your clipper; cut the excess off, and then just repeat that procedure all the way down the guitar till' you've done it six times, and then you've restrung your guitar."
"My name is Steve Anthony, and this has been how to string a guitar."
"Now I, as you can possibly see, I have replaced this string with a nice new string."
"The rest of em', as you can see, are a little bit discolored and darkened with age."
They're getting old.
It's time to take em' off and put on some new ones.
"First thing we do, we take our lovely multi-tool, which has a peg winder and a clipper."
Those are the two things we're going to need right away.
We're going to detune the string.
The next thing we are going to do is to add 2 kinds of sugar to our recipe and it is easy to get this right because you just need 1 cup of each.
It doesnt need to be at a high speed; just enough so that it will mix nicely.
We will start off with the white sugar which is in a container here and we just want to make sure that it is an even cup of sugar.
"You can use the edge of the knife and add that gradually and as that goes in, it will mix with the margarine or in this case, butter, that has been creaming in this mixer bowl."
"As it is creaming, you want to take another cup of brown sugar and this happens to be dark brown sugar; I think this gives a nice flavor."
You can also use light brown sugar.
The important thing to remember is that it should be fresh so that it is easily put into the measuring container.
"I just stick it right into the bag and with your hand, you can make sure you get an even amount."
This is going to come out in a bit of a clump so I am going to turn it off for a moment and let that go in there and I will use this opportunity to scrape down the sides and the sides of the bowl and also to scrape the beaters so that this will get mixed in.
You see it is getting nice and creamy now and that will continue as the brown sugar and the white sugar become incorporated into the mixture.
"If you would like to find out more about what I do, you can visit my website at www.canineheadstart.com."
Another game you can play with dogs is if you teach them names of different toys.
"You could call this for example, a ball, Frisbee and lets see you could call this their bone."
"If you use these names when you are playing with your dog repeatedly, the dog will learn the difference between these objects and then you can lay them out on the floor and send your dog after different objects."
That would be called object recognition or distinction.
You can also play fetch.
Teach your dog has to fetch which is a great way to burn off energy in an active dog.
You can play tug of war with dogs.
Always you want to play tug where you are ending the game and you never want to play tug of war with a dog that has dominance issues and you can also play Frisbee with your dog.
This is another great way for your dog to burn off energy and get some exercise.
"So in this short clip, we are going to be talking about what kind of games you can play with your dogs."
"An example, one great game you can play with your dog especially a dog that is recovering from some kind of surgery, spade, neutering or injury, is hide and seek."
You are actually going to be playing hide and seek with the object and this would be a dog that cant move.
You also can obviously be playing with a dog that can be moving.
Ive got a toy here and the toy is stuffed with some goodies.
I can put the toy on the floor and I can cover it with a pillow and then I ask the dog to go find the toy.
"Once the dog gets good at discovering the toy under a particular pillow, you can actually set up a couple of different pillows."
This will keep your dog amused for quite a while.
"The last step of the tuneup process I'm going to describe to you, is what's known as the Base Grind, or Finishing Belt, and basically, both processes are the same."
"The Base Grind uses a very fine, gritted paper, because what it's supposed to do, is take away any scratches or anything, and it will reveal any deep gouges in there."
"Once you're done with the first Base Grind, you go in there with epoxy, and you fill in anything that it couldn't grind away, and then what the Finishing Belt is supposed to do, is, it's supposed to get rid of all the bumpiness that the epoxy leaves, after you drip it."
"I mean, it does fill in the gouge, but it doesn't make it nice and flat, so what you're going to need to do with that, again is, same exact sort of thing as the Base Grind."
"If this was to be the edge of the belt, go at an angle on it."
"Hold it tail to tail, and just press, and this one, you don't really want to apply that much force to it, because it's just supposed to smooth it, but with the Base Grind, you do want to put something behind it, because you're trying to show, what is wrong with the board."
In my hands today I am holding a dumbo rat.
This rat is only two weeks old.
"As you can see, its eyes and ears are closed."
It will not be able to hear for six weeks.
"It will be totally dependent on its mom up until about six weeks old, when it will start eating regular rat food."
"In this cage over here, I have two rats, this is my big daddy rat, Tar."
"Tar is also a rex rat, but see he has normal ears, they are at the top of his head."
Tar is about eighteen months old.
"He was my first rat, he has a little white belly and little white feet."
"And he is very intelligent, he even knows his name and does tricks."
You can see the difference between the male and female rat.
"This is blondie, she is my little mommy dumbo rat."
The males are much bigger than the females.
"And this is Lucy, she is a hairless rat, she has regular ears."
"But she has no hair, the only hair is on the side of her head on her whiskers and at the top of her head."
Sometimes that falls out and grows back.
But all over her body she has no hair.
"Rats come in many different colors, hair types, different body types and without tails, if tails make you squeamish."
See how her ears are on the side of her head and not at the top of her head like regular rats?
She is also called a rex rat.
"See how her hair is blonde, going in this direction, and if you push the fur in this direction its almost a silver grey."
"Rats make wonderful pets, for family and children."
They do not bite or hardly ever bite.
"They are extremely intelligent, they come when they are called, they can do tricks, they get along with all the other family pets, they are very low maintenance and they are very clean."
"I have a few other rats to show you, momma had some babies, she had four other baby rats."
"Hi, I'm Jennifer Cail."
"But then you won't be able to work with the dough with a wire whisk, so you want a flat beater."
You also want to make sure that your butter is room temperature.
Try to let it sit out for at least half an hour if not an hour or so before you are ready to use it.
That will ensure that it's going to be soft enough to easily be beaten.
You want to start it out at a slower speed just to get the butter moving a little bit you don't want to try and work your stand mixer to hard.
We are going to speed it up a little bit to really cream that butter.
Now you can see that our butter has been nicely creamed and we are ready for the next step.
Our next step is going to be creaming the butter.
"For the amount of butter that we are going to be using, is 1 1/2 sticks which is also 3/4 of a cup of butter."
I highly recommend using a stand mixer.
It will definitely save your arms verses to try to beat it with a wooden spoon.
Make sure you get all of the paper off.
You don't want to leave any paper inside for it to be baked in the cookies.
I'm going to use a flat beater.
"If you use a wire whisk, it's not going to be able to handle the butter unless the butter is super super soft, almost melted."
There are lots of experiences that every dentist runs into that makes the day very hard.
Some of the complications that we run into could be something as simple as just not getting the patient adequately numb.
We know that it is probably going to be a little more uncomfortable for the patient and certainly more difficult from our standpoint to get it out.
So it is just not as simple as going in and basically removing the tooth but sometimes it involves you know a little more gory detail to do things to basically remove the tooth.
Basically it all goes back to being able to relate and being empathetic with the patient provided that you are listening to the patient and you are kind of understanding their concerns and you are kind of talking through this.
It is more about kind of letting them know that you are on their side and you guys are a team and working together to kind of get to a common good.
So most of the problems we encounter are usually resolved with just talking with the patient in a soft spoken way and an empathetic manner so that the patient knows that you can understand what they are going through.
You are trying to help them get through it.
That certainly causes distress to the patient but also to the dentist.
There have been many times where the patient comes in with such a big infection or they're just a complicated patient and it is very difficult to get them numb.
That is certainly one problem we encounter from time to time.
Certainly because we have to take a lot of impressions on teeth or molds.
Some people have real problems with things in their mouth so you can kind of stimulate this gag reflex.
So that can be difficult where you have a patient that has a really bad gag reflex that you can't get a very good impression on.
That's another complication.
Another one that we run into from time to time is again if someone presents for an extraction and they want to get a tooth taken out and it is very badly broken.
Now we notice this screw right here is coming out way too easy.
That means that the hole the screw goes into is kind of wallowed out and I'll show you how to deal with that when we put the chair back together.
Now we have the screws out.
"As you can see, this seat is set in a slight slot right here, so what we want to do is tap the back a little bit and then come to the front and tap upward."
And there's our seat.
Sometimes the seat is going to be cracked.
"This seat had some boards screwed onto it to keep it together, I took those off since we are going to re-glue it."
This seat has already been re-glued but I want to show you with this seat how to re-glue the seat.
"Hi, my name's Cindy Mastry with Yoga Etc."
And then she's going to very slowly come out of it.
It's important to come out of a pose slowly.
And then extending the legs back into her Dandasana and that's the Compass pose.
This is April and April is going to help demonstrate in this clip the Compass pose.
April is seated in Dandasana lengthening up from the tailbone to her crown and reaching out through her heels.
She's going to bring the soles of her feet together and allow her knees to fall out to the sides coming into Baddha Konasana or bound angle.
She's then going to take her right foot and bring it up and take her right hand underneath her knee and take her right hand back to the ground by her hip.
She's going to lengthen up she'd going to reach her hand toward her foot and try to lengthen it up over her head.
She's stretching through this side massaging the muscles on the other side.
She's then going to release the foot and take her arm around for a bind and then she's going to point the toe toward the Compass point.
Coming into the twist and bind - that's beautiful.
"GINA KENNEDY: With our busy lifestyles and whatever we do, gravity pulls us down, and so, we end up with rounded shoulders, and a rounded back, and posture that's not exactly where we would want it."
"So, the Dandasana pose, staff pose, is one that can counteract the forces of gravity and just life as it presents itself."
Good.
"She's going to lengthen up, root down with her tailbone and lengthen up through the crown of her head."
"Now, Faith has a very nice, long spine."
", But but for some people who've been rounded for a good portion of their life, they're still rounded."
"So, I'm going to ask Faith to take these blocks and place them behind her hips, just a little bit, and she's going to press her hands."
"So, it might be a little bit too high for you, Faith."
"So, we're gonna--you have to experiment to find which is the right spot."
"So, Faith is going to help me demonstrate Dandasana."
So she's going to extend her legs out in front of her.
Good.
"She's going to flex her feet, press through her big toe mound and even spread her toes and pull her toes back towards her knees."
Good.
She's going to press her calves right down into the ground.
"A, and it's okay if her heels come off just a little bit."
She is going to engage through her thighs.
"Hi, this is Sean Hobson and what we want to talk about right now is the proper mechanics of making a good shot."
"Now, it doesn't matter if you've got all of your body form perfectly correct ready to make a shot."
"Instead we want him to take that step around, square his shoulders to the basket and make that shot."
Same thing here.
"If Hunter's up here and he dribbles to the middle, we want him to find the basket, turn, face the basket, get his shoulders squared up and make the shot."
"If you are squared, if you're facing the basket, you're going to up your chances tremendously of making that shot."
The most important thing in making a good shot is you got to be facing the basket.
"I don't know how many times I've seen players with the greatest shots ever, but they've chose to shoot going from the side or fading away or they shoot coming away from the basket or whatever."
The best way for you to become an accurate shooter is to have your body squared.
"Now you see our player right here has good form, we've got a good base, their hands are just perfectly set and the key is right here, their shoulders."
"If I took their shoulders and drew lines off their shoulders, they are facing right to the basket."
That's where we're trying to score.
"So, right now you see that he's perfectly tilted toward the basket."
"Now, if he takes a step down to the baseline, he takes a step down the baseline, we don't want him to shoot the ball from the shoulder coming over the top."
We're talking about how to make an easy and unique centerpiece.
"For your table, for any party."
You can use this centerpiece idea for anything.
So we can start with just a plain hat and build on from there.
"Or we can start with, even party hats."
And these type of hats can be used for.
If you're having a soccer birthday party.
"Or if you're having a soccer party, like your soccer team just won a championship."
And you need an idea for a centerpiece.
"You can use a hat like this, too."
Now every party has a theme.
And it doesn't necessarily have to be like an obvious theme.
"Like, this theme is a patriotic theme."
Or this hat you could use for a St Patrick's Day party.
But even if you don't have something like that.
You're just wanting to throw a party.
And you want something to look like just elegant or classy.
Or just fun.
"Okay, I've doused a little bit of this sand trap with water because we got a nice dry, sunny day here."
Hitting out of wet sand is a little different because you're not able to get the loose sand underneath the ball as much.
"So work on your wet sand play, and when you're confronted with it, it won't bother you at all where it might make your opponent get a little nervous."
"So wet down the sand, get in there and practice out of it and you'll find that your skills will increase and you won't be fearful of virtually any lie that you could ever get."
So I don't have any great advice for you on wet sand because I want you to do what we've talked about and just practice out of it.
"That's the best way to learn because the truth of the matter is, sand everywhere is different."
This is kind of brownish sand.
"At Augusta National you'll see that beautiful white sand, and then all types of sand in between, and in different climates sand can be a little denser, or in the dry climates can be real loose because there's no moisture in it."
"So when you have the opportunity to practice out of wet sand or if you're at a range, just moisten a part of the sand trap and work out of the wet sand."
You'll find it's very rewarding because if you were playing in a match and it just happened to rain the day before the sand could be wet.
"So you tend to hit the ball, you can grab a little extra sand sometimes when it's wet but it's all different and that's why the sand is nothing that I can give you hardened fast rules on."
"But the only rule I really need to give you is, you need to get a lot of reps around the sand because they've put sand traps in all golf courses and it's kind of a test."
"Hi, I'm Amelia and I'm going to talk to you about ways to prevent hair breakage."
First let's talk about what causes hair breakage.
"When you put a pony tail in, you want to make sure that you don't use a rubber band."
"You can use something like this, they are like rubber bands, but they're specifically for hair."
"They slip out of the hair, where as rubber bands tend to grab at the hair, because they're rubber, a little bit more less slip, so the hair grabs and rips."
"This is a lot silkier, so it doesn't grab."
"When you are coloring, you want to make sure that any time you color and you're retouching anything, you don't want to bring that color back over, it's called overlapping."
You don't want to overlap that color.
"So, if you're trying to re-touch some roots, you don't want to bring that, I wouldn't want to bring that brown all the way up, or I wouldn't want to bring this lightener all the way down."
"I'd want to just do the spot that I needed to do, and leave the rest out, because the more you color something, the more it breaks down the bonds, the easier it's going to be to snap."
"So, as long as you're gentle with your hair, as far as combing, coloring, and if you're really concerned, you can do maybe monthly protein treatments, and that will help with the strength of your hair."
"And just make sure not to brush it too hard, when it's wet it is in a weakened state because it can stretch, so it only stretches to a certain point, and then it snaps."
"When the hair's wet, it's in a weakened state, also chemical services can cause your hair to break."
"So just be gentle with your hair when it's wet, and that will all help you prevent your hair from breaking."
Anything that actually weakens the bonds of the hair can cause your hair to break.
"So, when your hair's wet, you don't want to consistently pull it up."
You also don't want to constantly be combing your hair roughly when it's wet.
"When it's wet, you want to use your comb, and lightly comb from the bottom up."
"Remember, hair is a fiber, just like silk."
"Some hair's like silk, some hair's like denim."
"So, figure out which one yours is like and treat it as such."
"Hello my name is Scott and I'm the owner of Climb On indoor rock climbing gym in Wilmington, North Carolina."
Today we are going to discuss maintaining a climbing rope.
Every time that you are done with your rope you want to make sure that you put it in your climbing rope bag to keep it safe from the environment or any other things that would harm your rope like petroleum or acid.
We are going to get it folded up in there.
It rolls into the climbing rope bag which is also a great way to carry it.
This has been maintaining your climbing rope.
Each climbing rope has a life expectancy.
When you buy your climbing rope it will tell you how many falls it can take over how much period of time.
"I keep a lot on each one of my climbing ropes so I know how many times it has been outside, where I have taken it and how many falls I've taken on it so that I can retire it at the proper time."
Another really important part of maintaining your climbing rope is to inspect your rope each and every time that you take it out of the bag.
"Speaking of the bag you want to keep it in a rope bag and keep it out of the dirt, out of the moisture and keep it well protected."
Climbing is inherently dangerous and can result in serious injury or death.
"So inspecting your rope, maintaining your rope, keeping it clean and dry is very important."
Any time that you talk about doing this you want to make sure that you get the proper instruction on how to inspect a climbing rope and how to calculate the amount of falls it can take.
"On this enlarger, the bulb for the enlarger is located in this housing right up here."
"Now, this is not just your normal light bulb that you could at your house."
It is a special photographic light bulb that you need to either order via the Internet or by at a photographic supply store.
It is very important that you get the right light.
"If you get the wrong type of bulb, using a household bulb, you are going to completely ruin whatever you are working on."
"So, the bulb goes in up here and it just sort of screws on over here."
"One important thing about bulbs that I just learned, actually, was that a bulb will burn brighter as it is actually loosing life."
"So, the filament in that bulb will actually start to burn bright, thus changing some of your enlargement times."
"So, you always want to kind of keep track of how many hours you have had that bulb for, and also have a spare bulb."
"Because, there is nothing worse than having a great day of printing and your bulb blows and you do not have a backup bulb."
"Now that the base is on, I'm going to move on to the lid color."
"I did a very natural base, a matte color."
I'm putting it on the lid of the eye.
"By the lid of the eye, I mean the ball of the eye, which is where the eye ball protrudes."
I'm just kind of dusting it over the lid up to the crease.
You don't want to go any further than this.
You want to get as close to the lash line as possible as well.
"Just blend, blend, blend."
I'm kind of buffing it to the eye lid.
"I want to see it, but I don't want it to be so dramatic that it takes away from the rest of the look."
"Again, I'm not going any further than here because I want this to be kind of the highlight color and to be lighter."
Open and look up.
Kind of a yogurt vanilla color.
"If you've got some underneath the eye, that's fine."
No big deal.
Just kind of blend it in and clean it up later.
"If you get a little bit underneath that's fine because like I said, what I do on top, I like to do underneath."
Close your eye.
Keep it closed.
That's where the lid ends.
Highlight and lid.
"For the lid, I'm going to something a little more dramatic."
I'm going to use a cranberry color and it's got a lot of shimmer to it and vibrance.
This is very similar color as we're using on the lips.
Kind of a glossy burgundy color.
I'm going to do it very lightly.
I'm actually going to use a fluffier brush that I would normally use on the crease because I don't want it to be so concentrated on the lid.
I just want it to blend and just give kind of a shimmery hint.
"Hi, this is John Stewart and this is how to find water in the case of an emergency."
"Say you get stranded or lost, youre going to want to find water."
To where it's not quite as dirty but it's still going to have some possible bacteria in it.
"OK, so you don't want to drink from mud puddles."
You don't want to drink from saltwater.
This stuff really drain's you.
"You might think it's water but the saltwater is going to help, not help at all."
It's too salty it takes and eats up more of the water that you have in your body.
"OK, some of the things about water."
There's bacteria in water and so your water going to need to be treated.
"OK, some people have filters, sanitizers and other things that's going to kill that bacteria."
"OK, filtering water is not going to kill the bacteria."
Your body can go two to three weeks without food but your body cannot go longer that two to three days without water or some type of liquid but basically you really need water.
So you got to treat the water other ways.
Easiest way to do this is to boil water.
You can boil water for five to ten minutes and it's going to kill any bacteria.
There might still be a piece of dirt or something in there but all your bad bacteria is going to be gone.
To where you can safely drink the water and let it help you out in the long run and that's how to find water in case you have to survive in nature.
You want to find this fast and you want to try and find a large quantity of it.
First off water all ways flows down hill.
So if find a stream or something it'll normally lead to a bigger body of water.
That you can draw from if you do draw from a stream.
You want to find swift moving water that's filtered by a lot of rocks.
So try and find a rock bet a little rock waterfall.
That rocks and stuff they naturally filter the water.
There are entire books written on color.
There are lots of books out on color.
That purple and yellow are opposite.
That orange and blue are opposite.
And when you start messing around with color you start to realize how this works.
You've got different ways to think about them.
The hue is the first and most obvious dimension which usually identifies the color by name.
You know whether it's red or blue.
"The intensity is the second dimension of color, relative to the intensity of it's hue."
The value locates the color's approximate position in relation to black and white.
There is also the idea of thinking in terms of color as being symbolic.
Ok.
So I'm just going to make some very brief statements about color.
So in western illumination for example the color blue is considered a very spiritual color.
Gold of course is considered very spiritual.
We think of white as being for purity.
But different people have different ideas about what is symbolic to them.
"And as an artist, as a calligrapher you certainly have your choice about that."
"So one of the things that I want to say about color, first of all I think I showed you before that I keep my used gouache in these handy little, little containers and the lid pops off."
They are really fun and you can get these at restaurant supply store.
But you don't want to use them if there's been food inside.
So start clean with these.
First of all I don't get too much into color theory.
"I like to mess around with color, the same way some people like to mess around in boats."
"But you might want to get yourself a thing called a color wheel, which is something that helps you think about colors."
Shows you how colors can work.
"So that it, it's actually kind of like a time saver."
And these aren't too hard to find.
"And up here, just a few terms that you might want to pay attention to you know, if this were our simplified color wheel you'd see that red and green are opposite color."
"Now that Ive explained what the picture cards and tens are worth and the aces are worth, you have your other cards; you have your twos thru your nines."
Theres four of each and again you have four suits.
"You have your spades, your hearts, your diamonds and your clubs."
"So for example its worth exactly what you see, the nine is worth a nine, the six is worth a six and the two is worth a two."
"Hi, my name is Michael Orkin and I'm a television producer."
How do you become a television producer?
That means a lot of hard work.
It means coming up with great ideas.
"It means studying television, and I mean watching a lot of television, seeing what's happening 'cause television does change over time."
Right now everything is reality based.
"That means coming up with a great idea for getting a crew to go out and shoot things, get them edited, get them put on tv."
"It's just hard work, but that's what television... being... that's how you get to be a television producer."
It's hard work.
"Well, there's a lot of different ways because becoming a television producer simply means that you are producing pieces of video that end up on television or cable."
And how do you do that?
I went to college and became a... got a degree in broadcast journalism and then went into small markets and learned how to produce television.
"That's one way. Another way is to simply take your home video camera, go out, shoot things, get them edited and get them on tv, your local cable access could put it on the air for you."
"And that would make you a low end television producer, but a television producer."
"The best way to get into mainstream television production I think is to get a college degree in television, get in... get your foot in the door somewhere, somehow."
Get a job producing television.
There are some exciting things happening in the field of amateur astronomy.
Big toys that the big boys use to use are now trickling down and becoming affordable for us guys.
"Such things as very high quality cameras that have extreme sensitivity, and you can see things that were only dreamed of a few short years ago, say 10 or 15 years ago."
"In fact you can get cameras now that will show you things like the horse head nebula on a small telescope, where in years past you had to have a large telescope and be on top of a mountain in some dark remote location."
"So if you have a small to medium sized telescope, and you're interested in amateur astronomy, and rather than spending the money on a larger telescope, you might want to look into buying one of these cameras such as Mallincam and Stellacams, these devices are amazing, they will show you many, many more things than what you think your telescope is capable of showing you now."
Let's go.
Now it is asking what kind of point of interest do we want?
"Do we want a category a specific category, a restaurant, a shopping center, or company names?"
We would pick a restaurant and just like that we have all the places that are remotely close to us.
So I want to pick let's see we can scroll down.
I'm in the mood for subway so I click subway.
It ask me again if I need to be there in a specific time?
"We are just going to click no on that, plans the route, pretty short route, 13 minutes and about 4.4 miles."
Click done that is it we are ready to navigate to subway.
Chapter 7 choosing your destination with points of interest.
This is probably the biggest difference between all GPS systems ya they may have a couple of extra features that another one won't have but the biggest thing is point of interest.
Tomtom and Garmin and other types have the most of points of interest.
What a point of interest is if you are looking for restaurants or a park you simple type that in.
So in this case again the tomtom 1 we are going to do a search of point of interest.
"Simply click the screen once, we are going to go to navigate to, click points of interest."
"Now it is asking if we want a point of interest that is close to us, in the same city, near my home, along our route or any other destination."
So we are going to say a point of interest that is just near us.
"Alright, here's an example of how to land a fish on a jig rod."
I've got a fish on.
"Above all, you have to be patient."
"Now when you get that fish up towards the hole, what I like to do is just kneel down a little bit so I can help to guide it up if I need to."
Even reach my hand down into the hole if I need to.
And here we've got a nice little large mouth bass.
"Nothing big, but that's, but those basic points still hold true for any, any size fish."
Be patient.
"Don't allow any slack in the line, and bring it up."
"When the fish wants to take line, let it take line and you'll land more fish."
Not too big.
You can see a little bit of a bend in the rod.
"But the most important thing to do when you're landing a fish on a jig rod is, always maintain a straight line."
You don't want any slack in the line because that's going to give that fish an opportunity to get off the hook.
"So in, so you always want that slack, you always want that line nice and straight."
You want to keep your rod tip up a bit.
"Let the fish, if the fish wants to fight, this one's not, not fighting real well, but if the fish wants to fight and take out line like this, let it go."
"Let it take its line, let it tire himself out and be patient."
I'm Suzie with Splore.
"Now that we know a little bit more about adaptive seating and adaptive paddling for people with disabilities while going canoeing, let's talk about ways to make your canoe a little bit more safe and more stabilized."
"A lot of times kids will be sitting in a canoe and they'll lean out to the side because they want to splash the water, but they don't always comprehend that shifting the weight and leaning out to the side can very easily tip a canoe."
And so these stabilizer floats will help prevent that from happening.
What I have here is what we call canoe stabilizing floats.
Basically all it is is an aluminum frame that can adjust its size according to your canoe.
It can go wider or shorter.
"And then on the top here are just foam pads that rest in the water, and they'll help make your canoe a little bit more stabilized, meaning that your canoe, if the weight in the canoe shifts to one side or another, these floats here will help keep your canoe upright."
"That's usually the biggest problem with canoeing, whether you're canoeing with friends or kids or people with disabilities is keeping the canoe stabilized."
So this is great to use for somebody that might have poor balance control and their weight might shift in the canoe.
It'll help keep this stabilized.
It's also great for to use if you want to go with your kids.
It should really spring back and feel dry.
"This is a good treat for the kids, they would all want that top of the cake."
Another way to check it is to insert a toothpick in the center of the cake if it comes out with sticky batter then the cake is not finish and then you cake put that in for another 5 minutes and then check it again.
Now our cakes are done.
If you have cooling racks place them on the cooling rack.
Now it's time to frost our cakes.
You have to make sure that the cakes are completely cool before you start because if they are even a little warm it is going to melt your frosting and you will just have a mess.
First we want to have a nice hat box shape cake.
We are going to take off this cakes they are a little to round we are going to take off the top.
A shredded knife is the best thing to use for that and we would just nice and horizontally trim off the top of that cake.
"Okay, we want to talk a little bit about tractor safety and this is a really important issue and a really big issue so we're just going to touch on some key points and then get into more detail later."
"First thing, we want to talk about some of the equipment that you want to make sure that your tractor has on it."
"Now an important note to make there, you should never get off your tractor and do anything with this implement or with the PTO shaft when it's running."
"To a degree that shield is an idiot proofing feature, but it's important nonetheless and you want to make sure your tractor is equipped with it."
"Moving forward here, this little device here is a clutch safety switch or starter interlock it's commonly called."
"This little device will, will not allow the starter to engage unless you have the clutch pedal fully depressed."
"And that's important because if this tractor is in gear and a neighbor kid comes up and turns the key on, if it doesn't have this feature the tractor will start, and it's in gear, it will immediately start moving and people get crushed in that manner."
So you want to make sure your tractor's equipped with that switch and then you want to make sure that you're always in the saddle when you start the tractor with your seatbelt buckled.
"Lastly, with implements it's a big issue, again, but you want to make sure that you're, when you're moving around, when you're transporting with implements raised up, either on your lift or if we had a front end loader on the front of this tractor, you want to move around with those implements as low as possible to avoid an imbalance and, and decrease the likelihood of an overturn."
"One thing that can help with that, if you look on the front of the tractor here, we have some suitcase weights and those are intended to balance the weight of a rear implement and you can see we could add quite a few more to this tractor."
"But with these on the front, when you raise your three-point lift and pick your implement up in the back, it'll keep everything stable, keep the front wheels of the tractor on the ground."
"Those are the basics, check back for some more segments with more detailed and in depth information on tractor safety."
Probably the most important is your roll-over protection structure or ROPS for short.
"This is a folding unit here, it allows you to fold it down if you need clearance to get it into a shed or garage."
"This is what's going to protect you in the event of an overturn and those happen every year in America, people get killed."
It's very important to buy a tractor that's equipped with an OSHA certified roll-over protection structure.
An important part of that is the seatbelt.
"You will not be protected if you're not in this center area inside the protective zone, so you always want to wear your seat belt when you're on the tractor."
The next thing is a PTO shield.
This little metal guard here is to keep articles of clothing or hair or anything like that from getting tangled in the PTO shaft when it's turning.
"Here's an icebreaker game, an improv exercise called Enemy Defender and I love this game."
It's really good for getting people moving around the room.
They want to fill it out.
So they're just going to keep moving around.
Not just walking in a circle.
"And I tell them to be very sneaky and very secretive and out of the corner of their eye, they're going to pick another person in the room."
And don't let them know you've picked them.
"So, everybody is walking around the room and they're going to pick this other person and I say just keep your eye on them."
Keep it cool.
Don't let them know.
Just keep moving open space.
"This person, they don't know it, but they are your enemy."
"It's also a great way to introduce closeness to people that might not necessarily get that close in their regular work, but in a really kind of safe playful way."
They are your secret enemy so keep your eye on them.
"That usually gets a little laugh and then people keep walking and I say okay, again secretly, very sneaky, out of the corner of your eye pick a second person in the room."
"So, you've got your eyes on two people."
"You've got your eye on your enemy and this second person who also doesn't know it, but they are your defender."
"So, everybody is walking around the room really sneaky, really subtle, keeping their eye on their enemy and defender."
And then I tell them this.
"When I say go, you're going to try and keep your defender between you and your enemy."
When I say go you're going to try and keep your defender between you and your enemy.
"Now, before I say go and I always say this."
"Before I say go, remember safely first."
Kind of break down some of those boundaries.
"It's just a game, okay?"
"So, once people know they're going to be cool and be safe then I say go and everybody starts scrambling around the room because everybody's picked different people for their enemies and defenders and they're trying to position themselves in the right place and people get squished up against the wall and people are spread out and they're giggling and elbowing each other and it's super fun and I usually just let them go until people start breathing heavy or getting tired or the giggling is peaked and I say okay freeze."
"Relax, with your right arm point to your enemy, bink."
"With your left arm point to your defender, bop."
And everybody laughs.
"Oh, you were my enemy."
You were my defender.
And it's a great icebreaker.
It's pretty fast and it gets the energy way up.
It gets people moving and gets people close together in a way that doesn't feel too creepy.
"So, here's how you do Enemy Defender."
"So, that's one of my favorites."
It's called enemy defender.
"Oh yeah, and if you're working with kids I usually call it something like Apples and Oranges."
You don't have to use those kind of villainous terms.
"That is enemy defender, an improv icebreaker."
I like to facilitate this game with everyone walking around the room.
"So, that's the first thing I do."
I invite everybody to come down into this space.
Move around the room and just move to open space.
Kind of disperse themselves like atoms and then in the space.
When we do a hearing assessment there are three parts of the auditory system that we're primarily evaluating.
"The first part is the outer ear, so we examine the external part of the ear which we refer to as the pinna and the ear canal."
The cochlea is a snail shaped boney device that is fluid filled and contains all of the sensory nerves that detect sound.
"We use a device called an autoscope, which is essentially a light with a magnifying lens to look into the ear canal and we can see as far as the ear drum."
The second part of the assessment evaluates the middle ear.
"In the middle ear, that's the space behind the ear drum, in a normal, healthy ear it's an air filled space."
In there we have three little bones that are referred to as the asocales.
"The middle ear space it functions as a impedance matching device so it takes sound that's being transmitted in the ear, which hits the ear drum and causes the ear drum to vibrate."
"The bones, the vibration of the ear drum then sets those bones into motion and the function of that whole middle ear system is to transfer the sound energy from air to th inner ear which is the fluid filled space."
So the middle ear is a mechanical system.The inner ear is the part of the assessment we're evaluating when we're doing the pure tone testing or the part of the assessment where we're determining how soft sounds at specific frequencies need to be for someone to hear them.
That's where we're evaluating what's known as the inner ear or the cochlea.
Pimples are caused by the overproduction of sebum oil which lubricates the skin and hair.
I''m Jackie with how to get rid of pimples properly.
Use an oil free moisturizer.
Try to keep your hands and hair away form your face to reduce oil and dirt.
"Also, put clean pillow cases on your pillows every three to four days."
"If you already have pimples, don't pop them."
This can lead to secondary infection and scarring.
"With proper care, they'll go away on their own."
"Remember, to get rid of pimples properly, steam your pores, keep your face clean, avoid touching your face too much and don't pop pimples."
Check with your doctor for severe cases or if you think the spot may be something other than a pimple.
I'm Jackie with how to get rid of pimples properly.
Have a super day.
"When the skin's pores become clogged with sebum, pimples can form."
Talk to your doctor if your acne's serious or if you're unable to control it.
The best way to get rid of pimples and acne is to keep your face clean.
"Bring a pot of water to a boil, then turn down the stove to medium or low."
"While the water is steaming, make a tent over your head to catch the steam around your face."
You can use a towel for this.
Be careful not to put your face too close to the pot or boiling water.
"Do this once a week for about ten minutes, then wash your face with a gentle facial wash specially formulated for oily or combination skin."
There are good and bad photo copies for the process we are going to go through today.
"For a general guideline, contrast."
These shoulder areas are going to be very pronounced in our transfer because it's nice and dark.
"For the lighter areas that you do have, they are also really flanked by darks so the shapes are still going to be there."
"It's ok to be light or you know to be close to white, that's fine."
But you have to have a defining darker shapes around your photo copy.
"So you can see here like around the eyes, the hair, the shoulders, those are all going to show up really well, or going to help kind of fill in the rest of the face in your minds eye."
Now a lot of photo copy machines will have a contrast.
And where you can darken and lighten and use more or less toner for your photo copy.
"In general if you are going to make like an average black and white photocopy, do at least one or two extra in terms of the darkness and see what you get."
"Usually a photo copy that you think is going to be too extreme and too glaring, will be really perfect for our photo copy transfer."
Lots of contrasts.
"You are going to see that if you have lots of gray, that's sort of washed out, colors on your photo copy, they'll transfer, they'll be there, but they won't really show up that well."
"What you want, you want contrast, you want the shapes to come out."
Take for example this photo copy.
I have a guy in a mask.
Why do I have this?
Well he makes a good example.
"First off his neckline and jacket is very dark, this is going to show up."
Real Estate school; I recommend it to everybody.
"I meet people out there, and we talk about ""you want to get your real estate license?"
"Because believe it or not, that's how long it takes, about two or three weeks to get your real estate license."
"The key is, there's certain course requirements, and so the classroom hours, I mean there's usually four core courses of what you need to take."
"Yeah, I think I'll take it online."""
"Well I'll tell you, my experience was incredible taking it in the classroom."
"You know, you're working that 8 - 5 job and you're probably feeling discouraged right now."
Classroom does not have to mean 8 - 5 sitting in the classroom.
"It can mean, when you get off work at 5 you go to the classroom and you might be sitting there from 6 - 9 or 10."
"Yeah you're going to be a little bit tired, but you know let's load up on the coffee."
"Or you might take it, you might ask your, whoever you're working for, can I take off Friday?"
Take off every Friday for the next probably two or three weeks.
Hi!
"People with cognitive disabilities in therapeutic riding can work on numbers, letters, do sequencing, memory."
A lot of things with horseback riding there are two things you are doing at once.
You are steering a horse and kicking them with your legs at the same time.
It brings in a lot of cognitive functions that people don't really think about usually when they are riding.
"People with psychological disabilities; horseback riding and horse interaction is wonderful for people with problems with attachments, sexual abuse survivors, they make an attachment with the horse, they learn to trust, they learn respect and that translates into their real life."
That is what this is all about.
"Horseback riding and horses helping people reach out, reaching potentials in their lives they never expected to."
"If you have a son or daughter or know someone with a physical, mental or even psychological disability, sometimes horseback riding can be really beneficial."
The best way to find out is to actually ask your child's doctor or therapist if they have ever heard of horseback riding therapy.
Also call HIPPA therapy.
What we do here at Hearts Adaptive riding is called therapeutic riding because there is no therapists on staff actually doing therapy.
It is horseback riding for people with disabilities.
It teaches them skills but also they have the benefits of therapeutic riding with physical cognitive and psychological benefits.
"But if you know someone with a disability, look up riding."
"People with physical disabilities obviously they get a physical workout, they improve their muscle tone, they work on their balance and stability."
"Now I know a lot of people out there avoid peanuts for whatever reason, possibly allergies, you can do the same thing with almond butter."
"We're going to use peanut butter today, you can get it Trader Joe's or Raw Almond Butter, I've done it with this, its every bit is delicious."
"So just so you know, if peanut in your diet, use almond butter."
Okay.
So let's get started.
"First thing we need to make peanut dip, is of course peanut butter and I always use organic, whenever possible, but, also want to use one that is unsweetened, unsalted and you can always add these things."
"I think to buy it's, to buy things in their more natural whole state is best."
"If you need more salt, if you need more sweet, you can always add it, you can't take it away."
So buy as pure of an ingredient as whole food of an ingredient as you can.
This is a couple of organic peanut butter and I'm using the cream make because this is a dip and I want it smooth.
The first kayak that we're going to look at is the sit-on-top kayak.
Sit-on-top kayaks are one of the recreational kayaks.
"Basically, you can just go ahead, sit down in the boat put your feet in it like this and you're ready to go."
"So, sit-on-top kayaks are great if you want to be out on a day like to today where it's nice and sunny."
You're going to get wet.
"There are holes in the boat, which allow water when it gets in the boat to drain out of the boat."
"So, the one thing about sit-on-top kayaks, you will get a little wetter than sit-inside kayaks."
The next kayak we're going to look at will be the sit-inside kayak.
This is a recreational model.
If you can see how large the cockpit is.
It'll be different from a touring kayak with a smaller cockpit.
The reason for this style of cockpit is it's easier to get in and out of.
The great thing about sit-on-top kayaks is they're easy to get in and out of.
So these are usually made for just day touring around the lakes things like that.
"Notice the width on this boat from here to here, that's going to make the boat a lot more stable than other kayaks."
"The wider the boat is, the more stable it'll be."
The flatter the bottom also will bring up the stability.
"One problem though, is if you look, there's no keel on the bottom of this boat."
"That means it'll turn very easily, whether you want it to turn or not."
"So, a boat like this isn't going to track well, which means going straight as well as the next boat we'll see."
"But again, the reason they make a recreational cockpit like this, which is about 54 inches is just for ease of getting in and out."
So all you have to do is put your feet in it like this and get in.
"Usually there'll be some foot braces inside the boat, which are adjustable for the length of your legs."
"If you flip them over, they're easy to get back in on top of the water."
The next boat we're going to look at will be a touring kayak.
"The first two boats we looked at were about 10 feet long, this one's about 14 feet long."
"It has a hatch, which is watertight; you can put some things in it."
Usually they have a front and back hatch depending on what model you have.
The difference with this boat is the length of the cockpit.
"If you notice, the length on this cockpit is about 30 inches long, it's a lot narrower."
"This boat's going to be harder to get in and out, but it's possible if you flip in this boat, if you're wearing a skirt to actually roll it back up."
"So, when we look at the bottom of this boat, see how narrow this boat is?"
"It's about 25 inches wide, where the first two boats we looked at were about 38 inches wide."
It's going to make this boat a lot less stable but also faster.
"So, looking at a sit-on-top kayak, they're all basically the same."
"This is boat's 14 feet long, which will also make it faster."
"And if you look at the front and back of these boats, notice how they have V-hull on them, this will make going straight a lot easier for you."
The only problem is it'll make turning a lot harder.
"So, what you give up in going straight in the other boats, you gain in this boat but turning this one will be a lot harder."
Most of them have a chicken line that runs around the outside that's to help you get back in the boat or to hold on to.
They have some type of foot wells or foot pedals in them depending if they do or don't have a rudder.
"If you're lucky, they'll have a nice comfortable seat with a backrest."
Some don't but it's a lot more comfortable if you grab one with a backrest.
"But like I said, the best thing about a sit-on-top kayak is the ease of getting in and out."
Hi my name is Mary Thinnes and I am a skin care expert.
Now I am going to discuss with you dehydrated skin and how to properly treat dehydrated skin.
Don't get confused because dehydrated skin is different from dry skin.
Dry skin is actually a skin type and dehydrated skin is a condition.
Dry skin is lacking in oil and dehydrated skin is lacking in water.
Not only does it have to do with properly hydrating your body with water just because someone drinks more water does not mean that their skin is going to actually be hydrated like they want to and have that healthy skin glow but you have to properly treat your skin as well.
"With dehydrated skin you want to definitely do proper home care treatments, your masks on a bi-weekly basis, you want to break down your papayas to break down those dead skin cells because you don't want to get that surface build up but at the same time with dehydrated skin moisturizing is the most important step for them as well."
You definitely want to use more products with pure hyaluronic acid in it for more mature skin use the moisturizers that have the antioxidants in them and your vitamins in there.
"Also your vitamin C serum, the specialty product I mentioned before is going to help with dehydrated skin to help tighten, brighten and lighten the skin."
As far as that goes that is the way to properly treat dehydrated skin.
"Alright, guys, for our next shine what we're going to teach you is called a Tightrope."
Okay?
"So, let's break it down for you guys."
We're going to cross over in front on one.
"Guys, we're also going to cross again on two with our right leg, and cross again on three."
"What's really important here, guys, is that you use your hips."
Okay?
"Don't think it's nothing feminine, it's just trying to get your feet around."
Okay?
"So again, using your hips guys, with our arms at home base, we're going to cross on one, cross two, cross three."
"Now the biggest thing here, also, guys, remember, stay on the balls of your feet."
"Try not to stay flat-footed, because that's going to be easy to trip yourself on the pattern."
"Take a look, I'm going to start off with a basic, five, six, basic."
So here we go.
Nice and slow.
"Cross on one, cross on two, cross on three, pause on four."
"Right here, guys, we're going to continue to do it for three more counts."
"Cross on five, cross on six, cross on seven."
Go right into our basic.
"One, two, three, five, six, seven."
Okay?
So let me demonstrate it one more time for you guys.
Maybe I should do it this way.
"One, two, three, five, six, seven."
"Five, six, basic."
"One, two, three, five, six, seven."
"Cross, cross, cross."
"Five, six, seven."
"Basic, one, two, three, five, and stop."
"Now remember guys, with your arms, again we want to keep them right here at home base, just going opposite your feet, and keep them right here, strong."
Okay?
"Thank you, guys."
"One, two, three, five, six, basic."
"One, two, three, five, and stop."
Let me demonstrate it from the back.
"With a basic, five, six and one, two, three, five, six, seven."
"One, two, three, five, six, basic, one, two, three, five, and stop."
Okay?
"My name's Ryan Parker with Parker Home Renovations in New Braunfels, Texas, and today I'm going to teach you how to replace a cabinet door hinge."
"If you have a cabinet door hinge that is either fallen off or bent or is rusted shut at your house, you may have to replace it."
"So you'll hold the door in place, and then you'll line it up with the other doors and then you'll pop a screw in the top and the bottom of each hinge."
My name's Ryan Parker with Parker Home Renovations.
And that's how you fix a door hinge.
You can visit me at parkerhomerenovations.com.
"Now the first thing you're going to want to do is you want to take a look at the hinge that is currently on the door and try to find one that's similar to it, that will fit in the same application."
"These hinges here you can get at just about any, any local hardware store and these are very good hinges to keep the door shut and they're very sturdy and very strong."
Now what you're going to want to do is you're going to want to take the old hinges off the door.
"Now, once you take the old hinges off the door, you're not going to be able to use the existing holes where the screws go because those holes may be stripped out or you want to find new wood to screw to so the hinges will hold better."
"Now what you do is you'll mount the hinge on the back of the cabinet door two inches from the top of the door, two inches from the bottom of the door on the hinge side."
"You'll want to slide it into place, and you'll want to pop a screw in each one of these holes here on the back of the door."
"Now once you get both hinges put on the top and on the bottom of the door, you'll want to hold the door in place."
Now this hinge here mounts on the outside of the facing of the cabinet.
Hi!
I am going to be installing mine on my center panel and I am going to install it a little under 5 feet up on the door.
This should be a good height for everyone that lives in the household.
"In this video clip, I will be showing you step 1 for installing a wide angle door viewer."
This is the door viewer that we will be installing.
It is also known as a peep hole.
"In this entry way, there are no windows or other way to tell who is on the other side of that door."
"By installing this door viewer, it will really aid in our safety."
You want to make sure when installing your door viewer that you pick a location that looks good on the door.
Obviously the center would look a lot better than if it were on one of the sides.
The next thing to consider is that your height that you are installing your door viewer is that all people living in your household can look through it.
There are other things you need to keep in mind about when not to massage your horse.
"If your horse is very tired and is having a hard time staying focused on you, they may just want some time left alone in their stall or left alone to chill out with their friends before they can enjoy a massage."
I'll do some body work on them.
They'll relax.
"They'll feel better."""
The horse may not agree with that assessment.
So they may want you to just back off and let them get acclimated.
Pay attention to what your horse is trying to tell you.
"So, pay attention to that."
"If they're really cranky, you know, it could be too hot for them, it could be too buggy, it could be too cold, it could be too anything."
It could just be a day that they just don't feel having to focus on that for a while.
"If they are sick, again, you want to make sure that your veterinarian has given you clearance on it."
"And even if your vet has said, ""sure, go ahead with it,"" that doesn't mean that your horse is necessarily going to feel like that."
"So don't try to impose what you want to do on the horse, let the horse be your guide."
The horse could be too agitated for whatever reason in a new location.
"And you might think, ""oh, this is great."
"In this clip, we're going to talk about who invented homework."
I did some research on this.
"If you want to be an architect, you better be able to do your professor. Your architecture professor's homework. If not, you're going to be an architect."
If you're studying to be a doctor or a lawyer.
all your teachers are going to give you homework.
"Now when you're in college, you don't have to do the homework."
It's not required.
"But then, of course, when test time comes around."
If you didn't do your homework.
"More likely, you're going to fail that test."
"And I have no idea, who invented homework."
And you're not going to become an architect or lawyer or doctor.
"Or whatever chosen field, you decided to pursue."
So who invented homework?
Maybe you can find that and let me know.
Because I don't know.
Most people probably want to choke the guy who invented homework.
If you're a student.
But it's probably more important to talk about why homework was invented.
O.k.
It was not invented to make your life miserable.
"Although, many students will probably think that."
But it was made so you could master a subject through a skill.
"Okay, once you have all your squares cut you want to go ahead and go back and iron them."
"Obviously once they're cut up it's kind of, you've got to kind of guess at what needs to be ironed at what, on what level, what setting."
A lot of times when you iron it the edges will not look as straight again so you can go back and snip off edges to square it off again.
"I don't iron it until after I have the squares cut because it's just impossible to try to iron the ones with all the seams and everything in it, it'd take you forever."
"And if you have, like this is a velvet piece, I don't want to iron it on that side, but I can iron it on the back as long as I have it set low enough."
"And as you're ironing them, just go ahead and stack them up."
And you can have all different size of blocks as long as you kind of figure out a way to piece them together.
"Finely for lips is lip gloss, very important."
"Get a good color, probably something lighter than the lipstick."
"What I like to do is put a little on the base of my palette, which is the back of my hand, and sometimes I like to mix in a few colors."
"Depending on what you like, I like natural light colors, and you can blend them in with the same brush that I just used for the lipstick just remove some of the residue of the lipstick before you apply it."
"Get a good amount there, mix it in, and what I like to do is put it mainly in the center of my lip."
Both on the bottom and the top.
It also makes your lipstick last longer because it gets that nice moist feeling on your lips without drying out.
Because lipstick does dry your lips out quite a lot.
"And, get a good amount, spread it around and to the corners of your lips as much as possible."
"You want to make sure that you go with something that's nice, natural, and is not going to or draw too much attention to your lips."
So I'm just going to discuss for a moment the nature of sort of random collaging as opposed to thinking about all of these very complex dynamics of highlights and shadows.
Because there's a lot of thinking that gets involved in making that process happen.
Some areas lighter than others to create dynamic.
"But because this was more of an abstract piece, because this was more of a just purely collaged random piece it wasn't necessary for me to think oh I need to have a highlight here and a shadow there."
I was being a little more at random.
"A little more free to cut pieces out, place them as I will and see how they worked together that way."
"Whereas something like this piece which I did within, I don't know, maybe a half an hours time."
I wasn't really thinking about that.
I wanted to just be a little more random.
I cut the pieces at random.
I fit them at random a little more.
Similarly as I did in a piece such as this.
I wasn't really trying to consider shadow and highlights specifically.
Some areas I made sure were darker than others.
"Now, we're going to go ahead and take a look at our G7 shape."
"Instead of using 2 and 1 and our left hand to play that G and the B, we're actually going to use 3 and 2."
"Again, reviewing from our scale degree segment, our G7 is going to consist of our 1, G, the scale degree of 3 which is our B, 5 which is our D and now we're going to add our flat 7 in there which--if we just take our natural 7 which would be an F sharp, drop it down, it becomes an F natural."
"Reviewing our shape, it's pretty similar to our G major."
"We've got our G, our B, our 1 and our 3, 5 D, G again."
"Now, instead of playing the D and G up here, I actually dropped this down to a B which is another note of our chord."
It's okay to do that as long as we're playing notes of the chord.
And it makes it a little bit easier to get to this F which is our flat 7.
"Okay, I'm looking over here at the scale degrees--1, 3, 5, 1, 3, flat 7; that's going to be our highest note there."
And what we're going to do is play it a little bit differently than we play our G major shape.
"Hi, my name is Dan Schmidt from the Chinese Martial Arts Center."
Today we're going to showing you proper self defense against the front choke.
"Ok, from here you can do whatever you want."
"Ok, mainly a knee would be best because their groin is right there."
"Ok, closest to you."
"So he grabs, take the hand, pull down, step back, and twist, hit straight up, then knee right to the groin."
"Ok, it's very important as you practice this, you want to get used to grabbing, striking, and twisting all at the same time."
"Ok, so he grabs, should be more like this, so you're here, one, and then two, and three."
"Ok, it's important that when he grabs, ok you want to grab with one side and step back with the other."
This way I'm on balance.
"Ok, so if he tries to wrestle with me and twist, you know, I can move around."
I'm more pliable.
"Ok, so if somebody chokes you from the front with two hands."
"Now, if I stepped back with this side, and he twists, see, I go right off balance."
So you want to incorporate all those together.
"So he grabs, and all at once, step here, here."
And then straight with the knee.
That's the proper way to perform self defense against a front choke.
"Ok, there's a few very important steps."
"First, you want to take your left hand you want to place it on their arm."
"Ok, you want to keep your elbow down."
"Ok, this is like an anchor."
"At the same time with your opposite leg, in this case your right leg, you want to step back, ok, step deep enough so you're shorter than they are."
You want to punch straight to the solar plexis as you twist your hips.
Then take your hand again and palm straight up to the chin.
Now we've all heard stories about those malicious cats.
"You know, the little more evil ones."
"So we draw on our triangular mouth there, and opposed to smiling, we're not going to have that evil of a cat, this cat is just frowning."
"There will still be some whiskers, but they'll be close in."
It'll be a very narrow face.
"Also, it's ears are going to be out a little further."
Almost kind of like horns.
The rest of the cat's body and posture are going to likewise be cold.
We're just going to have this cat's kind of be skulking and hulking like cats can do.
"Bring out the claws there, it's tail is going to be up, maybe even waving a little bit, adding a couple of lines if you want to add the idea of motion."
Draw in some forepaws right there.
There you go.
"Now, every feline is different but certainly there have been a couple that have given cats a bad name."
"And automatically, our cat looks angry."
"This cat does not look happy, I would not want to meet it in a back alley."
"And you can see, just with a little bit of manipulation of a lot of the lines we've already covered, how you can make a very happy feline look pretty angry at the world."
"That said, drawing a malicious cat offers an excellent exercise in how different lines will very quickly change the features of our cat cartoons."
So here we have our happy cat.
"Notice real quick the features, how we have the half circles with the rounded corner above."
"Now with an evil cat, we're going to flip that around."
"Basically going to have the top of the lines be flat, and then our circles underneath."
"Now right away, I haven't drawn anything else, that does not look like the happiest of creature."
"In this case, this creature is going to be a kitty."
Hi I'm Diana Korten and I'm here today with Ben to talk about common cat illnesses.
I've chosen Ben to do this segment with us because he gets urinary tract infections pretty easily.
I'm just filling this box with the health check litter and what will happen is when the cat goes to the bathroom it will just be yellow.
If the cat peas and it stays yellow then that is a sign that things are probably o'kay.
"If the color changes and you get a red, that usually tells you that there is a little urine in the blood and you want to get he cat to have it checked out."
Ben is being very cooperative today and we're going to see how his urine comes out.
It is looking very yellow and it is just looking very yellow so that tells us that Ben is doing very well today.
If it changed color then that would tell us that we need to be on the look out and we need to take him to the vet.
The reason why we are in the bathroom today is that for some reason cats are drawn to the bathroom when they're not feeling well.
A cat with a urinary tract infection will often pea right over the drain so if you come in the bathroom and you smell a little cat urine odor or you see a little yellow around the drain that is a good sign that your cat might have a urinary tract infection and you want to rush him to the vet because they can die from UTI's.
Some ways that you can help your cat prevent from getting UTI's and kidney failure is to keep them well hydrated.
I would like to advocate feeding your cat wet food which contains a lot of water.
Basically you want to watch for things like loss of appetite.
Cats are not natural drinkers.
Occasionally you will get a cat who loves to drink a lot of water but most cats aren't really good water drinkers.
They are originally a desert animal.
Their ancestors got most of their moisture from their kill so giving them a wet diet means that they get a lot of moisture in their food like their ancestors did.
"From day one you want to take your cat in for an annual health check, even if there is nothing going on."
"Once your cat gets to be eight years old you really want to take that cat in once every six months to get a little blood work done, get these things checked out because a lot of things, there are a lot of illnesses that your vet can catch early that don't have to be terminal but if you catch them late, if you wait for your cat to point you to the symptoms, you may find that by that time it is really too late."
You want to check their fur and if their fur gets dehydrated.
You want to pull on it like this and you see how Ben's just sort of pops back down.
If you pull on it like this it will stay up if they're dehydrated and that tells you that something is going on.
Hiding is another symptom.
They are trying to hide their illness so they try to hide their whole selves.
Fortunately we have some tools that can help us as well.
If your cat is getting a little bit older you might want to consider using a diagnostic litter periodically just as a routine check to make sure that the cat is not ill.
"Myth number 1, you are supposed to use your dog's name before you give him every command to get his attention."
"Eventually they can add Lucky come, the dog starts moving over."
"If your dog is sitting there and you say Lucky down, he may towards you and then you may get mad at him."
Now he is really confused or Lucky stay.
So all that does is cause confusion.
Sit down and stay.
Those are the stationary commands.
Never use the dog's name for those.
Wrong.
Use your dog's name for common heel.
Those are the action commands.
The stationary commands are sit down and stay.
You never want to use your dog's name for those commands.
First thing people do when they bring their puppy or dog home is that they name them.
They'll say Lucky.
The dog will start moving towards him.
I'm Charles Connelly.
"If you have a hard ceiling, at the very top about 3 feet from the peak."
The reason we put smoke detectors up high is because smoke and heat rises and this is what is going to set the detector off.
"Like we said in this case, this is a smoke and carbon monoxide detector."
You can get a carbon monoxide at any Home Depot.
They come in a variety of ways such as ones that can plug into the wall.
Smoke detectors should be checked monthly and every smoke detector has a test button.
"In this case, it is towards the back."
"In this practice, we are not going to set this one off because we are in an enclosed area and it is very loud."
Batteries should be changed in all smoke detectors twice a year.
It is recommended in good practice to change the batteries when you change your clocks for daylight savings time; once in the Fall and once in the Spring.
This is basic fire safety.
This is smoke detectors.
In this case what we have here is combination detectors.
This is a smoke and carbon monoxide detector.
We recommend that everyone has a smoke detector in their house.
It should be placed in the hallways and other common areas and should be in front of bedroom doors.
Smoke detectors should be at the highest point of the house such as the top of the ceiling.
We are talking about how to take care of your wig.
In previously we have mentioned washing it and felling up a sink or a basin filled or water.
"Once you have done that, you want to get some wig shampoo."
It is especially designed to help condition and wash the fiber so it does not break it down as normal shampoo would.
So you want to go to either the accessory shop or to any of your local wig store to purchase a shampoo specifically made for wig or for wigs so it would help the synthetic hair.
You want to use probably just about a tablespoon of shampoo in the basin or sink.
You don't want too much shampoo cause you don't want to have soapy hair so just a little bit would work.
We would wash out all the dirt and the grime and make it nice and clean for you again.
"Now, we're going to talk about how you write dialogue on the page in the formatting process."
"Evan says, ""Yes, thank you,"" and then Evan enters."
"So, here's a way we can break up the dialogue with action and we can list the dialogue."
"Also, down on this line, Sonia says, ""Have a seat."""
Evan sits.
"So, we can have Evan sit right there and that gives a little direction inside the dialogue."
"You can also say, ""Have a seat."""
Sonia sighs perhaps and that gives a little direction that something she might do in a sound type of capacity but with the dialogue.
"""Do you want coffee?"
"Do you want a cup?"""
"And then he says, ""Sure,"" and then she exits."
"So here, we have the same page where we have the scene description and let's look at the dialogue."
"And then right down here, we have offstage which is denoted by the OS in parenthesis."
"That basically means offstage, the character is delivering a line from offstage."
"""How do you take it?"""
"and then Evan says ""Black."""
And then we hear some dialogue offstage.
"So, here's some of the ways in which we can see dialogue is written on the page."
It's basically written in a back and forth process.
"Also, there's a lot of room on this page."
Some of these things will be happening here so that's how the dialogue functions and that's how we lay it out in the page in the formatting of dialogue.
"Okay, so we have two characters, Evan and Sonia. Evan says ""Hi,"" Sonia says ""Hey,"" and then we come in for a pause."
"So, here's some of the ways in which we can influence dialogue."
"Hi, hey, pause."
"So, there we have a pause in the dialogue."
That's a direction to the actors.
"Then, we have Sonia saying, ""Do you want to come in?"""
Okay we are over here at tub number 2 where we are going to install a PVC pipe drainage system and this pipe doesn't have any holes in it.
You can buy a pipe that is perforated cause this is a thin wall sewer type pipe.
Now we are going to plug the ends of this pipe so that we don't have dirt coming in to the pipes.
"On the ends, we are just going to use a can to put in the end and we are going to hold it in place with a little piece of stick."
"We are going to do that on both ends of the pipe to provide a barrier for the infiltration of dirt that will choke up our drainage system, like that."
"But the problem is with a thin wall sewer pipe that you will buy, it is going to have holes on exactly sides of each other and we are not going to drill like that."
We are going to drill our holes so that the water holes are on the bottom of the pipe but not 180 degrees to each other.
We are going to drill them so that they are just kind of around the corner from each other.
Then we will give an improved way of getting the water out while impeding the infiltration of dirt and many things that will get into there to choke up our little system.
These holes are about a half inch diameter.
This is a speed borer.
It is kind of a generic name that is used for the drill bit or flat spade bit that some people call them.
That does a real nice job of drilling but you can see how we drill primarily on one side of the pipe and there is a reason for that.
Now we're going to learn the lift up with your second hand.
"If you hoop to the left, your second hand is your left hand."
Really try to push the hoop forward and keep it in that strong horizontal plane above your head.
Let's try it again.
"Take the hoop to the waist, start hooping in your comfortable direction, take the second hand, notice when the hoops create an opening in front of your body."
"Hands dips into the hoop like you're shaking someone's hand, lift, and turn."
Bring the hoop up into lasso.
Turning is really important in this move.
One more time.
"Hooping at the waist, dipping the hand in, turning, spiraling all the way up into lasso with the second hand."
Nice job.
"If you hoop to the right, your second hand is your right hand."
"Starting at the waist, look down, watch the hoop."
"As the hoop swings around to the front of your body, you're going to take your second hand, dip it in the hoop, grab the hoop as if you're shaking someone's hand, turn with the hoop, and lift it up."
Let's get a little bit more detailed.
"At the waist, your second hand dips into the hoop, grab the hoop, and lift it up all the way up into lasso over the head."
There's one tricky movement that happens with the hand.
"As you lift up, the hoop is going to roll over your thumb and into the palm of your hand."
It's a little bit tricky.
My name is Joseph Shung Chiang Lee.
I am a member of the Calcutta Racing Pigeon Club.
"So once this pigeon has grown to become an adult pigeon, you cannot remove the ring."
Neither you can put on any other ring.
So this number belongs to this pigeon; it cannot be changed.
This ring that you can see is not made in India.
They are imported from Belgium.
We import the ring from Belgium to prevent anyone from duplicating the ring.
So this is why any people are making the same number of rings.
So this ring is made with aluminum metal ring and the people would just bring the number and the club name and the year and then covered with plastic.
"Now this ring is released from the club but 2007 ring is given from the club only after December 1, 2006 and the ring you have to put on the ring on the youngster when they are only about 7 days old."
More than 7 days old then the leg will become sore and it would be difficult to put the ring in.
This pigeon is about more than 2 weeks old and you can see it is impossible to take out the ring or to put in another ring without injuring the leg of the bird.
Hi this is Sean Hobson.
What we want to talk about right now is the importance of having a good rebounding team.
"Now, in the game of basketball, every possession counts and what a rebound means is another chance for your team to either score or less of a chance for the opposing team to get a chance to score."
"Rebounding is probably one of the most important parts, fundamental parts of the game of basketball."
"If you have a good rebounding team not only will your team get many chances at the basket but also the opposing team, every time they miss it and you get to rebound you'll be able to go to the other end and score, and that's what we all like to do is to go to the other end and score."
So it's very important that each one of your players takes pride in rebounding and that you instill that in your practices and that you work on the fundamental skills of rebounding so that your team is able to get second chance shots and so that you can dominate inside and so that you can keep the other team off the boards and allow your team to score more.
"Really concentrate on rebounding, it will make your team much much better."
You have recently wondered what are your rights about free credit report.
Are you entitled to a free credit report.
Whatever.
Hello I'm Robert Todd and I'm here to answer what is the law about free credit reports.
As you know employers often and are allowed by law to check your credit report for their background checks for you with regards to both perspective employment and with existing employment.
The United States Fair Credit Reporting Act entitles you as an individual to receive a free credit report once a year.
"Now there are a lot of websites that talk about sending you the free credit report and so forth, beware."
Instead I would site you to annual credit report dot com to receive your free credit report.
"And pay attention to your credit report, it's probably not a bad idea to check on this once a year."
I'm Robert Todd and thank you for watching.
"Okay, let's talk for a minute about structure."
That's what I'm going to call it.
Traditionally a monologue should have a climax.
"And what a climax is, is where the character makes a revelation."
Throws somebody out.
Some big action occurs that they have been talking about prior to it.
"So, think of the monologue structure as kind of an arc."
"We're building to something, that big something happens and then we can taper it down."
"Also, remember you only have one or two minutes to get the job."
To make the impression.
To be fabulous.
"So always, always pick a monologue with a strong opening line."
But what we're looking at is what needs to be in this one or two minutes with regards to material.
"Many monologues are more talking about something, just chatting."
And that's okay.
But you must have a strong opening line and really you need a strong closing line.
"But that is not, the closing is not absolutely as imperative as the opening line. You want a STONG opening. HEY, LISTEN TO ME!!!"
I AM GOING TO DO A MONOLOGUE!!!
"And then your closing, the thing about the closing, the last line it should be very clear, I'm done."
I have seen way too many monologues that just kind of ended.
"And left me, the director, wanting more."
"Well, regardless of where you find the monologue, if you put it together or even if you write it yourself, it is important that the monologue makes sense."
"Okay, that was it?"
"You never want to say, okay, I'm finished."
You want to come in with that strong line.
So that's what we got to have in this monologue.
"Don't think necessarily so much in the terms of beginning, middle and end."
But where are we going?
What is the through line of the character?
What is the character talking about?
Why are they talking about it?
Where is this monologue going?
Now we are going to go over some measuring rules.
This is called an eyebrow map.
"If your eyebrow ends short of that naturally then that's fine, don't make it any shorter, but you want to let that, your fine, fine few hairs end up, that's a natural line, that's your map."
Ok.?
"So I've got my inside starting, my outside ending, now your arch right in the middle of your eyebrow, is where your arch should be, the highest point of your eyebrow."
"When you're looking straight forward, where the pupil of your eye is, go ahead and open your eye, where the pupil of her eye is I want to hold this straight up above and that's where the highest part of her arch is going to be."
"So now I've created, that's all natural lines, no matter what your face shape is."
So now I have actually created an eyebrow map.
"Now that I know the shape that I need to take I'm going to kind of embed this in my memory, in my brain, or if you need to remeasure as you go along that's fine."
So now I know where the shape that I want her eyebrows to be.
Ok.?
It's called a shaping map.
A couple of things you want to learn.
"First of all just take your stick or even your eyebrow brush, something with a straight line and what you want to do is measure from the inside of the nose, I mean, excuse me, the outside of the nose, hold the stick straight up."
"You're drawing imaginary lines, ok.?"
"That's where the inside of her eyebrow is going to start, right here where this line is."
"That's the inside of her eyebrow, which is where it is naturally so that's good."
Then you want to take the same space from her nose and draw an imaginary line again follow it to the outside corner of her eye and that's where the outside of her eyebrow will end.
"So, are you interested on how to brush your teeth?"
"Well, my name is Michelle, and I'm a dental assistant with Solutionz, and I'm going to explain and show you, on how you can brush your teeth."
"You're going to want to initially first, angle the bristles directly at like, somewhat of like a ninety degree angle, and you're going to place it, therefore the bristles are touching your gums and your teeth, and then you want to go around in a circular motion."
"What you do not want to do, is go back and forth, or go up like this, because that will actually cause your gums to kind of swell, if you're going back and forth,and it will also cause your gums to recede,and then you'll start to become, having sensitive teeth, so you want to go in a circular motion."
"That will ensure that you are removing all of the debris and bacteria, off of your teeth, and then you want to start in the front, and work your way towards the back, and then go ahead and open for me slightly, sweetie, and then when you're coming back towards your back teeth, it's always helpful that you close down just a bit, so therefore, it will release your TMJ joint muscle, to give you more room to brush back there, in a circular motion, so go ahead and close down for me."
"There you go, just like that, and as you can see, I'm able to stick the toothbrush way back there, and you're making sure you're getting the very back part of your teeth, along with your gums,and you want to do that consistently, all throughout your mouth."
"You want to do it on your upper arch, and also on your lower arch."
"That will remove any of debris and bacteria from your gums, and then also you want to brush back and forth motion, on top of your teeth and that will remove any debris, and prevent you from having any cavities, and my name is Michelle, and I'm a dental assistant with Solutionz, and I just demonstrated for you on how to brush your teeth."
"We have a great girl. She's going to demonstrate for us, on how to brush your teeth. It's pretty simple. First of all, you need the set of teeth, and you need a toothbrush, and a toothpaste.You want to place a small amount of toothpaste on to your toothbrush."
"Just basically, you want to cover the bristles of your toothbrush."
"Then, you're going to go ahead, and open for me, and actually bite down on your back teeth."
"Back teeth, bite down, like this."
"Good, just like that."
Hi I'm John Graden for the Martial Arts Teacher's Association.
As a fighter and as a coach here are two offensive strategies that once you learn to understand that everything falls into place and quite simply it is a direct attack versus an indirect attack.
If I go direct he is going to clock me as I come in and I don't want that to happen so I go about it indirectly.
"I'll throw a little fake on him, draw that punch out, and then finish the attack by stepping in the rest of the distance so it is an indirect attack."
"So a direct attack, nothing proceeds it and an indirect attack is usually proceeded by a fake or some kind of draw step or something that sets the attack up."
You want to hit him with the punch or the kick but because of their counter fighting skills or speed or power you'll want to go about it indirectly.
So become a master at direct attacks and indirect attacks and when to use each.
I'm John Graden.
For more information contact me at johngraden.com.
Thank you.
"You want to become a master of both but the real intricacy, the real advanced student really becomes a master at the indirect attack."
What do I mean by this?
Joining me from Pro Star Mixed Martial Arts is Mr. Joe Brignoli.
"A direct attack just like it implies, I am out where I set point control without a fake, without anything else, I simply step in, pow, and I directly attack him."
"That is fine, however, if he is bigger, stronger, faster, more experienced than me, stepping in with a direct attack could be kind of dangerous especially if he is a really good counter fighter."
So I want to become a master of the indirect attack so possibly in this case I'm going to throw a little fake on him.
In other words I'm going to hit him with this jab but I'm going to go about it indirectly.
"So I might, I've got this much distance to cover in order to get in there."
Hi!
"Again, we're just going to do it on a series of little cuts."
"Pretty soon, it'll just go right through and I'll have my cardboard protecting the carpet area."
You can start to feel when it has gone all the way through your picture or through the foam core.
"Again, if you're brand new at this, just start with something small and kind of get a feel for it before you do something much larger."
If you don't want the ruler touching the photo like I did this the first and second times.
"Part of the ruler is actually on the photo, but if you don't want that to be on the photo at all, then go ahead and keep it on the outside and just line it up on your photo like this."
"Again, make sure that you kind of stretch out a little bit because you will be on the floor cutting for quite a bit."
If you have a nice large table to use.
"You need to be able to press down, which is why I like doing it on the floor."
I have that gravity working for me and I can press down.
"Again, we're going to go ahead and score this at the very top."
"Hi, on behalf of expertvillag.com, my name is Shelly Roberts with AA Callister in Salt Lake City, Utah, I am going to show you some points about how to do buy a winter horse blanket."
Fist I would like to show you what a winter horse blanket is.
It is a body cover that will usually cover from their chest back to their tail and this is Rudy here.
Rudy also has on a hood and we will go into hoods a little later but just a winter horse blanket something to protect your horse from the elements.
Now some people might say why does my horse need a winter horse blanket.
Horses have been around for thousands of years and it's true mother nature has provided them with a layer of head that will protect them from the elements.
"But as we have domesticated horses, we've taken them out of their natural environment and put them in places that they wouldn't naturally be like in a snow covered pasture up to 3 feet where they can't get any food vegetation."
So we've had to get horse blankets to provide them with the natural covering that they would need in that environment that mother nature hasn't provide for them.
"So we will go over what a horse blanket is, types of horse blankets there are, what sizes there are and how to size your horse for the winter horse blanket."
"So that is how to start choosing a horse blanket, a winter horse blanket."
You want to make sure that you always apply your wax in the same direction the hair grows.
The hair will not be removed with the wax if you don't do it in this manner.
Perfect.
This is a good little secret tip.
"If you have wax that you've previously removed, take that and reapply it to the wax the next section that you're ready to take off, because it gives you like a handle, something to grab a hold of and remove that wax."
"Wax sticks to wax, so you can go through and dab that on any little pieces that might be left and remove those wax."
"So remember, apply with the growth, remove against the growth."
"So I'm going, the hair grows down, and it's, sometimes facial hair tends to grow in several directions."
So if this hair grows in the direction then go this way.
"If this hair grows in this direction, then go that way and separate your sections."
"But make sure you always apply in the way the hair grows, in the direction the hair is growing."
"It's growing this way, I'm applying this way."
Hard wax.
Remember we're going to put it on nice and thick so we have something to grab a hold of.
And then I'm going to remove against the direction of the hair growth.
"And today, we're going to talk about how to self publish your own comic or graphic novel."
"You know, here we've had four pages in a row that are captioned."
"You would rarely, if ever, see in a movie where there would have that much voice over time."
Comics are also a literary medium.
You're not doing an inferior job as a comic storyteller to use that and to allow yourself to get inside the comic character's head.
"So, are comics really like movies?"
"Obviously, there have been any number of successful comic movies lately, and they certainly have some things in common."
Comics are a visual medium and movies tend to be a visual medium as well.
"Although as we said, with comics you have an unlimited special effects budget."
"But, the thing to remember about comics is that they're also a literary medium."
"With comics, you have time and you can control the pacing."
"It's, it's not like a movie where you're, you're paying for every single minute."
"And, if you want to do a voice over and include captions, that's fairly easy to do."
Another thing to look out for and this can be very important.
"Quite often hats have inner tags and even though the lining on this particular, this is a canvas hat, a safari hat with a snap on the side as you'll see, even though this hat is lined with a gentle cotton that would find very good on your head, it actually has a harsh embroidered tag on the back of it that can be very very uncomfortable."
"Look out for tags, bows, seams and joins because while they might not feel bad during the three seconds during the time you are in the hat shop once that hat is on your head for four or five or six hours they can begin to chaff, wear, and become a complete annoyance and now you have spent, $20, $30, or $50 on a hat you are not going to wear any more and that is just not good sense."
Hi!
"For example, if our cheer is go go, G-O, go team go."
The most prominent and easy words of that cheer are going to be go team go.
"We're going to want to start off with go team go, and then everyone knows what cheer we're going to do, you're going to be ready, and you're going to take one beat to get into the cheer."
Anyone can call a cheer at anytime.
"First and foremost, you usually want to let the captain go ahead and call a couple of cheers."
Then each girl is going to take a turn.
Sometimes we'll go in order down the formation.
"Other times, it can just be a free fall."
"Whenever you feel the motivation to start your cheer, you're going want to make sure everyone is paying attention."
"Go ahead, and this is where our volume is going to come into play."
I'm going to show you some cheerleading squad cheers today.
Just make sure everyone is ready.
You're in control of saying go team go.
Then everyone should be ready to go ahead and go forth to perform the whole cheer.
We're going to talk about chants and I'm going to demonstrate some that you can take to your squad.
"Now that we're at a game, we need to figure how we're going to do what cheer when."
We don't just want to do them in the same order every game because then it's going to get boring.
The crowd is going to get sick of it.
"We're going to get sick of it, and also how are we going to know when to start these cheers."
It's really important to learn how to call a cheer.
The way we're going to call a cheer is to pick out the most prominent words and motions of the cheer.
If the cake happens to fall in you can just flip it over and use the bottom side to frost.
The cake could fall if you don't modify the recipe for high altitudes or if you open the oven to much and cool air will cause it to fall.
The timer just went off we're going to check the cakes and I'm going to stick this knife down in the center and it came out clean.
There's no batter on it so now we're going to take the cake out when you cooling the cakes it's important not to cool it on the oven.
So you suppose to put them on cooling racks so that they can cool but I don't have cooling racks so I'm just going to use this pan turn it upside down and cool them that way.
"Hi, I'm Stan DeFreitas, Mr. Green Thumb."
"This is a Mother-In-Law's tongue, sometimes called Sansevieria."
"As far as the plant goes, it grows well in a good, peaty type soil, but you can grow it in just about anything; sand, rocky, it doesn't matter."
This plant will survive.
This plant can be grown inside in a bright area or even a low lit area.
The plant still seems to survive.
"Good water soluble plant food maybe once every two to three months should be fine, or you can add some extra fertilizer at planting time."
"Sansevieria, good plant if you're trying to make sure the plant won't die."
"For On Gardening I'm Stan DeFreitas, Mr. Green Thumb."
"And the Mother-In-Law's Tongue, well you kind of get the idea where the name came from."
It looks like a long tongue.
This plant is one of those succulent kind of plants that's really tough.
This is almost a brown thumber's favorite plant.
You really have to try to kill this plant once it's established.
"Probably not that cold hardy, but this plant sometimes called say Mother-In-Law's Tongue or it used to be called hemp plant as well."
They used to grow this plant and they would actually peel the leaves and make a type of hemp rope from it also.
A little trivia that you may not have known.
Now that we have our dough we will set that to the side and I will show you how to make the orange zest that we will need next.
All you need to do is take a small grater and with your orange grate until you have 1/4 cup.
"Keep rotating your orange so you don't actually get into the fruit part, we just want the rind."
"It does take a little while, alright we final have our 1/4 cup of orange zest we're now going to add this to the rest of our dough."
"Hi, I'm magician Paul Weatherbee, and I'm going to show you a magic trick."
I'm going to need to borrow a dollar from a spectator.
Very good.
Right there.
You can see it there?
"Okay, I'm going to take your dollar bill."
"I'm going to cover it up with this handkerchief, and better yet, what we'll do is, grab it right by the top here."
Can you feel it in there?
Can you hold it?
You got a hold of it?
"Okay, very good."
"Now, I've got a magic...magic knife right here, New York style credit card."
"Sir, could you please come on up with your dollar?"
"We'll tap once here, and tap once here."
"When I count to three, let go."
Are you ready?
"One, two, three, and the dollar is gone!"
"Where could it be, you might ask."
"Well, we have an orange right here."
Just take a look at this.
Cut that right around there like that.
There is the dollar in the orange.
Here is the serial number.
"There it is, very good."
Take the dollar out of the orange and make sure that the serial number matches.
Does it match?
"(Yes, it does.)"
There you have it!
"Now, I'm going to tell you how this trick is done."
"First you get an orange, and you cut the end off the orange."
"You stick a pencil in the orange, and then you roll up a dollar bill."
"Before you roll it up, write down the serial number."
"And then you stick it into the orange, and put the little knob back on."
"In the cloth, I have a piece of rolled up paper sewn in the hem."
"Ah, yes."
"That way, when the person is holding it, they think it's really the dollar."
"So, when I write down the serial number of their dollar, I've already written this down, and I just act like I'm writing this down."
"So, they give me the dollar in my hand."
"I take their dollar as I'm reaching for the knife, and put it in my pocket, then give them this wadded up piece of paper to hold."
And then the rest is just cutting open the orange to reveal the dollar.
"Have fun, and keep the magic in your life."
"I'm going to write down the serial number of that dollar, because as you know, each dollar has a separate serial number."
That's the way they can be identified later.
"Okay, I'd like you to take your dollar bill and roll it up, if you would."
Just roll it right up and place it into my left hand.
Roll it right up tight.
Hi this is Yolanda Vanveen from Vanveen bulbs dot com.
And in this segment we are going to talk about how to grow indoor plants with artificial lights.
And it seems to be just enough for them to do even better then if they didn't get any light at night.
And I found just a little bit of artificial light goes a long way.
And all it takes whether it's a little light in your laundry room or a light in your bathroom or even a light in your office.
If you put a plant underneath that light when the light's on at night it might be just enough for that plant to do really well.
"So of course the sun light is the best for plants. But not all of us live in areas where even when the sun is out and there's so many clouds to cloud it up, you are just not getting enough light in the house."
"So by just even having a few lamps or a few lights or using the lights that you already have, sometimes you can use clip on lights and sometimes even a night light over a plant will make all the difference."
"And try it that's what my case is, try it you never know what plants will do."
A lot of plants don't need much light to survive.
And they will do very well indoors even if it's a tiny night light above them.
"Now we all love our plants outside in our garden, but we can also enjoy plants inside."
So try to plant your plants inside under a light and see how they do.
"If they are not doing so well move them into a sunnier window, and if they are doing really well, then leave them where they are at."
But gardening can be really enjoyable inside or outside and you don't even need to have sunlight.
You can have artificial light.
And you don't need to have a really sunny window and you don't need to have a lot of artificial light for them to grow well.
You only need a little light and I found plants really survive well indoors with a little help with just a little artificial light.
I have found this window is the best window in my whole house for plants to grow.
It is east facing so it gets the sun that comes up in the morning and then there is no sun in the afternoon.
I've got this artificial light up here that is on every night.
It's about the only light that I leave on in this part of the house.
And it's just enough light for all the plants to have light at night as well.
Hi I'm Tim Gipson and I'm going to talk to you about how to use steel wool.
"Now when we are using steel wool, steel wool comes in various coarseness and fineness."
"Now you have and they are graded by numbers so you may have a steel wool that is 2 or 3, any numbers like 1, 2, or 3 represent a coarse steel wool and that might be something that you use as far as removing rust from metal, using WD40 or an oil type of finish so if you have some rough machine parts that you want to clean up using a coarse steel wool."
Then you get into the steel wools that are finer such as a 0 or a 00 or 000 and those are the type of steel wools that you use for something like this is when you are refinishing furniture or putting finishes on furniture.
What the steel wool allows you to do is get a really smooth surface as opposed to using a fine sand paper so we'll use the steel wool so in this case if we have put a coat of varnish or urethane or a shellac on this and we are in between coats then we can use the steel wool.
Now it is usually a good idea to have a neoprene or latex glove or a rubber glove that you are using when you are using steel wool because little shavings can come off and can embed in your skin so it is good to have some kind of protection but when we are using steel wool we are going to use it just like we would any sand paper and we are just going to rub it and we're going to go with the grain so it is very important when you are refinishing wood that you always use any type of sand paper or any type of steel wool you are putting very very fine scratches into the surface so you always want that to go with the grain so that it won't show up.
"So again it works just like using steel wool is just like using sand paper and we can just work back and forth and what it does is it really can give you a very fine surface in between your coats of your urethane, shellac or lacquer or polyurethanes."
So I'm Tim Gipson and that's how to use steel wool.
In our first clip we're going to actually talk about the construction of the mirrors.
They're approximately 1 foot square.
"They're unbreakable, and one of the reasons being unbreakable is I have the boxers stand about where they can punch the mirror and then step about a half a foot back."
"So too many times they'll be stepping in and they'll be actually hitting the mirror, which is really not what we want to do."
"But just in case they do, we don't want them to break."
"The reason we've got them cut down to about a foot square is we used to use a full-length mirror, and some of the boxers still use the full-length mirrors in their shadowboxing, etcetera, but that doesn't give you the actual circumference of your head of a target-type position."
"Even with a full length mirror if you take a magic marker and draw a circle around it you'll get the effect of a target, but this gives you that much more."
"Once you duck down you're out of the mirror, and that's the best thing about having just the 1 foot mirror."
That way you're limited to just that one foot.
"Once you're out of there, you're out of that mirror."
"So, we're going to use about an inch of the hot water, just enough to let the tea steep."
"There's one tea bag, just let the tea steep for a little bit and we're going to fill up this with cold water over the ice, so I'm going to add the cold water to it so all the ice doesn't melt."
"And, pour it over the ice, I usually leave the tea bag in it."
If you want to add honey or cream you can do that when it's in the hot water so that it will dissolve and that's an iced tea.
Watch our next segment and I'll show you how to make another drink.
Hi my name is Mary Thinnes and I'm a skin care expert.
I'm going to go through prepping the skin to repair it for the chemical peels.
"After you've rinsed off the cleanser off the skin, you want to prep the skin with the papaya."
Papaya is going to break down those dead skin cells and its going to help the chemicals penetrate into the skin as well.
"If you have dead skin cells built up on the surface, nothing is going to come in and nothing is going to go out."
So it won't be effective.
Basically papaya is just a little bit of like a gel as you can tell.
And you want to put it on the skin.
"And since most people don't have a steamer at home, you want to keep it on the skin for about twenty minutes without steam."
If you have a steamer you want to keep it on the skin for ten minutes.
"But, without a steamer, you're going to keep it on for twenty."
"And then, once twenty minutes is up, you're going to remove it with a wet cloth."
"First, what you want to do is put on gloves to protect your hands because it will cause peeling on your hands."
And that's the first step in prepping the skin for chemical peels.
And obviously you don't want that.
Then you're going to cleanse the skin.
"I'm going to take a brush, dip it in some water, put some of the cleansing gel on it, and then I'm going to cleanse the skin."
You want to do it in just a circular motion.
Don't be too aggressive on the skin just cleanse it.
Just making sure you get off all the impurities so that your skin is properly prepped for the peel.
And so that the chemicals and treatments that you're going to do from here on out are actually going to penetrate into cleansed skin not contaminated skin.
"So, to conclude the ""leave it"" command, it is going to be a very important command to train your dog not to eat, chew or dig certain items."
"You can use this command whether something falls off a bathroom counter, a kitchen counter, if your dog is attempting to counter surf for food, or if you're on a walk and the dog attempts to eat a Taco Bell wrapper or cat poop."
"To illustrate again, we will start with a tin man, bait the dog to get attention, lightly down on one knee, gently hold the collar, place the treat down a foot and a half away, hold three to five seconds and release with the command ""take."""
"As I said, you can use any release command, but get your dog in tune to the same word so they know it's acceptable to eat, smell or chew something upon that release command."
"By practicing the ""leave it,"" it also will show your dog that you're the boss."
"What we want to talk about now is, when kicking an extra point or a field goal, you want to have the proper kicking mechanisms."
You see he has his body straight up and when he kicks through watch how high his leg extension is when he kicks through (video demo).
"He has good mechanics, he has his body open, when he comes through he explodes the leg through, he keeps it straight and he kicks it up as high as he possibly can."
You can see if he was bent over he would not have been able to get that leg extension.
It's all about kicking the ball and getting the most out of your body when you make the kick.
We're going to see what it looks like at full speed.
"Watch his balance as he approaches, in the way he kicks his leg through and up, and how he gets good height when he kicks the ball through (video demo)."
You can see his balance as he comes through.
"Everything was straight, everything was exploding through the ball, very good and balanced."
"What we're talking about first of all is, obviously, balance."
"When you approach the ball to kick a field goal, you do not want to be leaned over."
If you lean over you can't get good leg extension.
You'll only be able to kick your leg up as high as you're bent over and that won't allow you to kick it very far.
You also don't want to be on your back foot.
When you plant you don't want to be leaning backward or you'll kick the ball straight up in the air.
"So, it takes a lot of good balance."
John's going to demonstrate.
"Hi, my name is Rachel, and I'm the owner of austinstylewatch.com, street fashion site, and I'm also a freelance fashion reporter, and today, I'm going to talk to you about how to choose a charm, for your charm bracelet."
"Now, charm bracelets go way back."
"If you're doing gold, you're going to always want to stick with solid gold."
"If you don't like to stick with that standard theme, and you kind of want to get kooky with what you're doing,there' a lot of different turns on charms out there, that will bring a little color into your bracelet."
"You can look for enamel charms, that have been colored in with the glass enamel."
"You can also look for, and these are a little pricey, but jewels and gems inside charms, to kind of make the bracelet a little more upscale."
"I also wanted to talk about two other types of charm bracelets, that have kind of come up in popularity, with charm bracelets resurgence, and that's the European Charm Bracelet, which is really a combination of different types of silver, and jeweled beads, so it's definitely nothing like what we think of, as the American Charm Bracelet, and there's also the Italian Charm Bracelet, and these, you'll see a lot of different stores nowadays,and they're flat bracelets with charms kind of riveted into it, and it's connecting links, so that's how you get in the different little charms, is the links of the bracelet, so this has been how to choose a charm, for your charm bracelet."
"Actually, depending on how you're judging it, way, way far back."
"They were popularized as Catholic symbols, and tools to show your beliefs, and then they came back in the 50's as kind of kitschy little pieces, that teens collected, and each charm on bracelets in the 50's, would usually represent an important moment in a person's life."
"You'd have a 16th birthday one, you'd have a marriage one, you'd have a graduation one, so it's sort of like a story on a bracelet."
"It kind of fell out of fashion, during the 70's, when disco era, big chains, came in, but charm bracelets have made a recent resurgence, and that makes buying a charm, really easy right now, so there's a lot of places selling them."
"There's a lot of companies bringing it back,and the trade of vintage charms, has become really big, so when you're selecting charms for a charm bracelet, assuming you don't yet have your bracelet, it's something to think about, before you really get started collecting."
"When you get the bracelet, you sort of commit to a motif."
"If you're going to get a gold one, you kind of commit to gold."
"If you're going to get a silver one, you kind of commit to silver, colors, expense, sterling silver versus cheap. If you're going to want to keep a theme, with your whole bracelet, you're going to want to put some thought, when you're first buying it, into what color,what look for the long term, are you going to really want, so when you decide that theme, you're going to want to stick with a light metal, so if you're doing silver, you're going to always want to stick with sterling silver."
Myth number 7: my dog fears me and he know who's boss.
"She told me my dog responds me, she comes to me, but she respects my husband more."
"Well, the dog has to listen to you too, I told her."
"Husband comes in late, dog's all over the place."
She's like we have to do something about this dog.
"He yells at the dog, ""Go to the kitchen!"""
"Like a bullet. I ask him the question, ""Does the dog come to you when you call him?"" He told me, ""Well, apart from all these other problems we're having with the dog, I need to my dog to come to me when I call him."""
What happen there is he got his result lesson taught.
"He got the dog to do exactly what he wanted him to do, but he taught him the wrong lesson."
You need fear in your dog so that he respects you.
The lesson he taught him is to be fearful of him.
"When he gets into the kitchen now the dog's in a back room, because that's the lesson that he taught him."
His got to the kitchen training when down the drain.
"There's a difference between respect, which he was not respecting him, that's what she thought, and fear."
Wrong.
You want to make sure that your dog does things because he feels good about doing it.
"Wants to please you, not out of fear."
Out of fear you're going to have all kinds of behavioral problems later also.
"Apart from him being fearful of you, right?"
The other day for example there was a customer where the German Shepherd was just jumping all over her.
She had scratches from here to here.
A really good thing to have in your studio if you're producing a lot of pieces is a damp area that's designated to keep pieces damp.
"Now, the way that this works, I have built into a metal shelving unit, I've added side pieces and then cross bars."
And shelves can come in and out of these cross bars.
"When I'm throwing pieces that I take directly off the wheel, I can set them right onto this shelf, and then slide it into this damp area, or if I've thrown them on a bat I can set the bat on the shelf."
"Now the benefit of doing this, is that you don't have to throw plastic over pieces that are still very wet, which can often leave marks, it can deform them, it can do a lot of things that are kind of unpleasant and cause you to do a lot of work later that you didn't want to have to do."
So this has a front door made of plastic.
"It's completely enclosed, all the way around, with plastic, and then it's just got a large drape that comes over the front."
"Now, when I'm going to leaves for a long period of time in here and I want them to stay damp, I'll spray down the damp area, and then I will tape the sides shut, so that no air flow will go through there."
And on not incredibly dry days you can keep things in there for days on end without having a problem and they'll stay damp for you.
It's a really great way to save you some time and save you some effort.
Just to recap and summarize our grip.
Remember you are going to grip the racket and you turn it like that so the racket faces open.
If I have a bad grip I can hit all types of bad shots but if I have the proper grip I am going to be much more cognizant of staying away from the ball and hitting a good shot.
So the idea of why the grip is such a simple concept but it is so overlooked because people are always looking for those big improvements but the fastest way to improve your game is to get a good grip so that once again it is that open face on both sides so you see how you open the face and if you do that you will be able to hit a nice loft on the ball and you will have a good shot so remember with an open face that is an easy shot.
With a closed face it is no good so open the face and your game will be good.
Grip the racket and turn it like that and that is what it should look like.
"If you have a nice grip it allows you to come underneath the ball and open the face, under spin is the key to good squash."
It is not like tennis where we hit top spin.
In this game if you hit top spin you are going to drive it in to the tin and you are going to lose a lot of points.
To be able to get the ball deep into the court you are going to have to have the racket open so you can hit the ball with some loft so the grip is really the foundation of everything.
If you have a good grip that is going to force you to move in certain ways.
See if I have a bad grip where I can use arm and shoulder I can move the ball any way I want because I will just adjust with my hand and arm but I will hit a bad shot virtually every time.
The same goes on the forehand.
Here I have a puff sleeve and I have a thin band and a bow at the bottom of it as a closure.
This will look good.
And then I have a bow as a detail.
You could do a button.
"You could do a tie, anything, but that's your closure right there."
And there is your puff sleeve.
I see party dresses with this.
"Basically it's going to have the same arm hole as your shell, as your basic sleeveless shell."
Not much variation there.
"And again, how much puff you want is determined by how much fabric you're using."
Remember you have to put in all the fabric that you use that creates the puff is going to naturally measure more than the arm hole does.
"So you have to gather it and put it in, and the more you gather it, the more fabric you gather the more of a puff you get."
And then on the opposite end at the bottom of the band you do the exact same thing pretty much.
"You take a band of fabric of given measurement, typically whatever is going to fit around that person's arm, and you bring the bottom of your puff, all the fabric that creates the bottom of the puff, gathered together and sewn into the band, and then that creates the bottom of the puff."
This is a type of skirt that I use when I go creeking and in a bigger water situations as well.
This particular one made out under it's a little durable than a touring kayak skirt it also has a enclosure resistant bar and that's this bar right here it's built in with the skirt so that water can't punch through it and take it off of me while I'm in the kayak.
"It has an elastic that goes all the way round towards back and a pull tab, this pull tab is important cause this is how to get out of the kayak and I'm going to show you how to put it on as well."
"When you put the skirt on the boat you want to grab the back of the elastic of the skirt pop it around the back coaling the back of the cockpit coaling which is this ram that sticks out from the boat make sure it's on there pretty snug so when you pull on the skirt it stays on flip the pull grab group push it all the way forward get it over the front of the cockpit combing run your fingers all the way back, make sure the sides are on as well so that no water can come in then your skirt is on."
"You want to get your out of the boat when you take your skirt off you pull the pull grab loop give it a good snug it comes off the first time that's great, if you need to run your fingers back toward the back of the cockpit combing that's good as well just make sure it's all the way off, pull your knees together push out of the boat and then your done."
These are also two other common instruments that a dentist uses basically everyday of their career.
"One being the straw, the straw is basically a way of evacuating or eliminating all the spit and saliva that's in you're mouth while were doing dental procedures."
There is basically an unlimited potential for dentist depending on what they pursue.
It's obviously dictated by how big their personnel is and the size of the practice that they have.
I know dentist that make as little as $120 and I tell you dentists that make as much as a million.
"And again it's all variable based on you know, what sort of services they provide how large their staff is, how large that their patient clientele is, certainly where they're practicing."
It's definitely growing a recent statistic approximately a year or two ago has suggested that for every four dentist that were retiring only one dentist was entering into school.
Which is an outstanding feature for some one who's pursuing the career of dentistry because there's a lot of dentist that are baby boomers and because of that the access to dental care is becoming decrease very rapidly so it's a great time for someone to pursue dentistry.
This is what's called a dental hand piece or core drill and this is the device that's typically used to help remove the cavity or the filling out of a tooth to help us fix it.
Every geographical location dictates the income of the dentist.
"Now typically, typically a dentist if I'm not mistaken the household income of a dentist I believe in 2004 was approximately $129,000."
That again can be very variable because depends certainly on the location where your at.
It also depends on how much you work.
"Some dentist will work as little as three days a week, some work six days a week, some work Fridays some work Saturdays there's a lot of flexibility in the schedule and it also goes hand in hand with fact that whether or not the dentist is working for himself or a group practice, or a hospital or even the military."
"So there's a lot of variability you know, in the salary of a dentist depending upon where you are, who you're working for, and also how long you've been practicing."
"If you're going into like a residency so you want to get additional training, it may be starting as little as $50 or $60,000 or if you go directly into private practice which is what most people do when they graduate dental school they could start out for as much as probably I'd say as much as $100 to $120,000."
Hi so what is green tea?
"Green tea, you need to keep in mind, the best ones come from China and Japan."
"In addition green tea has moderate amount of caffeine, because it's still processed a little bit."
The pan firing is done to keep the tea leaves green.
After that they would take it off the wok or the steamer and let the leaves dry on their own.
"But in Chinese version, they would roll into various shapes and sizes and such."
"Green tea also is not fermented, is a term that's used a lot."
It is not also oxidized either.
"Once you've picked green tea, what's usually done it's taken automatically into heat."
"In Japan they would steam it, in China they would pan fire it and put it into a big wok and add heat to it to stop the tea leaves from withering."
"This process keeps green tea, green."
The brew will have a light gold to a green tint.
The Japanese tea you will see a darker emerald type of green.
"And in this regard, green tea has a lot of antioxidants that's not present in other teas such as Oolong or black."
These moldings here I tend to use in a cowboy type thoughts.
This particular one here I used around a lady who had won her ribbon for roping a cow.
"This is actually something that you can put around a document, you can put it around a photo or put it around a piece of art, and it is going to fit in almost everyones home."
"They had a picture of her roping the cow, the cow that helped her win the ribbon."
"Her husband is a great cowboy, he is very cowboy he wears cowboy hat, blue jeans, boots the whole bit."
And she told me I need this to hang in my husbands office and you know how much of a cowboy he is.
So I got to looking at the picture and decided that I wanted to use this with it cause it just look like him.
Several of these are the same way they are very much cowboy looking.
They fit in other things as well but I tend to reach for them often when I'm dealing with my cowboy people or my country people.
Because they just fit it is a very earthy frame.
"Most cowboys are very earthy people, people are very earthy people and they tend to lean not as fancy as thought."
Now it's time to warm up the lips.
The first thing that you want to do is you want to think in terms of creating voiceless sounds through your lips.
"I want you to blow air through your lips, just allowing them to flutter."
"Sometimes you might do that when you get frustrated, you might blow air through your lips."
"And you want to do that 4, 5, 6 times, allowing your lips to flutter."
"I'm sorry, that makes my nose itch, that fluttering."
The next thing that you want to do is blow vibration through.
"So the first time through we just have that little tickle-y flutter, and now we really want to put a hard, vibrating sound on our lip, where you really get a vibration, you really get a nose itching kind of really vibrating feeling."
"So a light flutter, a voiceless sound, and then a hard-voiced flutter of the lips."
That's the first thing that you want to do to get your lips warmed up.
"Today, we're going to be talking about road cranks."
And they've made the bearings that go into the frame much larger because they now sit it outside of the frame.
"All of this adds up to extreme stiffness, strength, and a great riding crank that can make a big difference in your riding and your power."
This can be a great upgrade to any road bike out there.
"One of the top names in the business, of course, is Shimano."
"Shimano is one of the companies that really is a pioneering company for both lightweight, strength, durability."
With this particular crank we're going to look at today is their top-of-the-line Dura-Ace crank.
What I've got here is a very interesting cutaway which really shows how they get that lightweight but yet extremely stiff and strong crank.
"Again, to distribute that power from our pedals now right through to the drive crank to propel us froward quicker."
"They made the entire crank hollow, all this being done while it's done in a casting process."
"We've also made the axle integrated into the crank arm itself, makes for a much stronger, much larger axle."
Okay.
"So now, we're going to look at how to string a classical guitar."
Bring it around and bring it underneath the string.
And then we'll bring it down a little bit so we have a little bit of room and enough slack so that we can bend it again and push it through.
"Now once we've done that, we should be able to take it and do one more, just like that."
"And then, we will pull the string very tightly so that we can get that all the slack."
Get the knots nice and tight.
Okay?
We have the post turned so that the hole is facing us.
"We just put the string through the hole, in this way."
And this allows us to tie.
"This is much more flexible, this little couple of inches at the end of the string."
"So we're going to go ahead and we're going to tie on, we're going to change the sixth string on this guitar, or the low E string."
"It allows us to put a little knot in, if we choose to."
There are several different methods of locking.
So what I'm doing is I'm holding the tension on both sides of this little knot that we've tied.
And this is just one method of many.
"And as we do this, you can, if you choose to, even again wrap the end of the knot back around the string."
And it'll stay enough so that we can simply pull.
We're turning the key and rolling the post.
"And that pulls this string that we are turning onto the post over the top of our knot on the outside, if you notice."
"When I say the outside, I mean the outside of the hole on the post, you see."
All right.
Okay?
"And then after we've done that once, maybe twice, where we've come around to our tie."
We've crossed it.
"Now, we can go ahead and take our string and bring it across."
"As you see, we've brought it across our first wind around the peg, or the post."
"Now, some strings will have an excess amount of length on the string."
"And you will check it, and you can go ahead and cut it."
You want to just make sure you've got a good three inches or so.
"We're keeping a consistency of tension as we're putting the string on the guitar, which helps a whole lot in the string's ability to hold its tune once you're done."
So let's go ahead and see.
Finish this here.
"And we're going to start by; a lot of times, you'll have strings, your classical guitar strings, you'll notice that at the end they'll have a little bit of winding that kind of thins out, and you'll have an inch or two."
And we kind of keep the same amount of tension.
"As the string gets closer to the neck, the tension obviously increases."
"You'll notice that at the end, where the string is a different width."
"And that you'll use at your top, through the headstock."
"The classical guitar, you'll have holes for each string."
"And what you're going to do is put the string through in this direction, towards the bottom of the guitar."
We'll wrap the string around once underneath.
It's really good to take your child to the restroom as frequently as possible because in the beginning of potty training they don't know when they have to go and when they do they're going to just go in their clothes.
"They don't know how to hold it like you and I, eventually they're going to get to the point where they're going to but when they're really small they get really into what they're doing."
"If they're playing they don't want to stop playing, it's better to just drag them out of whatever they're doing and say, ""it's time to go to the restroom"" and they're going to go."
Now we're going to talk about what some things not to do that can create a lot of ill will and problems in relationships with regard to communication.
"And this one's, this is a hard one."
"Thus, the climate of the workplace, the climate of the school classroom, the climate of any type of environment can be regulated by the people who gossip, and the energy that that gossip puts out."
"Basically, the bottom line on gossip, is it is a negative thing that is very hard to repair."
"And should be, no matter how difficult, avoided at all costs."
Just don't do it.
Just sacrifice not being in the in group.
Don't gossip.
This is a hard one to resist.
It is gossip.
And what is gossip?
"Well, it's social talk that makes evaluations about another person when they're not there to defend themselves, basically."
But gossip actually does a lot of other things well.
"It can create some very negative things which if you're in it; it might not seem negative, but to the outsider looking in, can be very negative."
"Gossip can create an in group, the group that gossips together."
"Can cause, can help regulate the behavior of an organization."
"Sleep as a model is very important, you want to make sure that you get at least 8 hours of sleep a day and I know its hard because with your schedule on shoots, on set its very hard to get at least 8 hours of sleep a day."
"So, you want to try to schedule it in your calendar to where you can get may be 1 or 2 hours here, another hour there, to add up to a full 8 hours of sleep."
"The effects of lack of sleep are tremendous, I mean your eyes, it shows in your eyes, your face, how you carry yourself and how you do your work."
"You also want to make sure that when you get your sleep, how little it may be at a time that its actual restful sleep and another way to do that is maybe by doing some meditation or listening to soft classical music while youre sleeping."
Like I said you want to schedule it in your calendar to make sure that you can work in at least 8 hours of sleep especially while youre on set.
"To sleep is so important as a model, you dont want to get old before your time."
"You may visit me at www.myspace.com/shalon711, thank you for visiting, have a great day."
"And they have a nice heavy feel to them, and are usually not too expensive."
And that's glass chess sets.
"The third step is then bring your pitcher back up, submerge the tip back into the milk, and keep swirling until you reach the right temperature."
So what I'm going to do to steam the milk for a single latte is drop the steam wand down in to where this tip of the steam wand is below the surface of the milk and turn on the steam wand.
"There's then three processes that go into steaming the milk for the latte and the first is after I turn it on, I have the tip on the steam one submerged below the surface of the milk with the steam one resting in this ridge and I have the pitcher held at the right angle, so that the milk is swirling inside the pitcher."
You got to keep it swirling until right when you feel the milk warm up.
You feel it kind of match the temperature of your hand and its right at about 100 degrees and then you're going to want to drop it down toward the tip of the steam wand is just above the surface of the milk.
That's going to start introducing air into the milk and that's where you make your foam.
"Now that we're making a latte, you're not going to do that quite as long as you would for a cappuccino."
See there's less foam goes into a latte.
"We're going to go and cover the handle of the wagon, with some tissue paper, make it a little bit more decorative."
"For that, we'll use a different color, and we're going to use the same glue that we used for the green tissue paper, over the body of the wagon."
"We just go ahead and coat the entire surface of the paper towel holder, and once it's fully coated, we'll go ahead and take pieces of the tissue paper, and we'll just lay it across, the same way that we did to the shoebox, to the body of the wagon."
It doesn't really matter how it's laid across.
"It gives it a nice effect, even if it's not fully spread out, so that it lays completely flat, and the tissue paper, will also be a fun activity for the kids, that can give them more time to glue and paste."
"Make sure that you take pieces, and cover up all of the spaces."
"The wagon can be used to actually play with, because it does move, or it could just be used as a decoration to put things inside, and to be left, into a child's room."
"I've seen people even use this type of project to put plants and things inside, and in a playroom or a kid's room, so there's a lot of things you can do."
"It's a really nice project, and gives a lot of room for creativity, as you can decorate it, and cover it in any way you want, so now I've showed you how to cover the handle, and finish the project for the wagon."
I'm going to lay in this shot and I want to show you something.
"Now you can see from this angle the V, that's what we're looking for the V or, or what I want to say, the funnel."
"More space is provided, more a, dew is created and it spills into the bucket."
"And we all, like I said, we also have the top for the, a, the rain water."
So that's the whole theory behind the solar still.
"The reason why again is if it rains tonight this, the rain that will hit here is going to run down this V towards the stone into the bucket."
"The morning dew collects underneath it so this is why it's shaped the way it is as you can see the, the strong funnel V so if you have it like this you know you're in good shape."
"The stones right over the, the slit and now let's, let me explain the whole theory behind all this work."
You ever hear of the green house effect?
"When water is enclosed it creates this, this precipitation, this dew."
"We have water like I showed you earlier in the ground here and when it, this tarp heats up it creates the green house effect and the dew from that water will start to form on the underneath of this V, V tarp, and funnel tarp."
"As it accumulates more and more it'll make space, it'll actually push the, the, the dew into the bucket and more dew will start to accumulate on the tarp and it'll keep doing this process as more dew drips in there it creates more open space."
And more of that rain water heats up and creates more dew on the tarp so it's this constant cycle of the dew forms spills into the bucket.
"Ok. Now, that Myra's hair is sectioned off and I'm ready to apply color I want to mix my color. You don't want to mix your color too early."
"And, you want to lightly shake this."
You don't want to be too vigorous with it.
"Probably, that's about right."
You can see that everything has been mixed all the way through.
There's no lightener or color separated.
It's all mixed pretty good.
"If you shake it too much, it actually heats up the molecules and speeds up the color process."
"So, it doesn't process properly."
"So, just a light shake."
"Make sure that cover, that hole is covered."
"Because, it actually starts the color process at that time."
"And, now we're ready to apply color."
"So, in my bottle I have nothing but my hair color."
"This is after I've been to the store, chose the right color."
"And, this actually has measuring lines on the bottle itself."
"So, I'm going to follow my measuring lines."
"Apply my developer, which now once you apply the developer the color starts to process."
Put your cover on.
Make sure you cover the opening with your finger.
There's so many beautiful stained glass pieces to choose from.
"It almost seems silly to incorporate other things, but why not?"
Here's an example of a piece in which I used a couple of multimedia highlights.
"Most of this is stained glass, but I have a glass bead up here, I have glitter glass windows, the Millifiore flowers as a doorknob, and flowers in the grass."
"It adds texture, depth, and a touch of class."
Here's another example.
"In this piece, I used stained glass to make the bamboo, I used tempered glass for the background."
Tempered glass is really easy to find in a city like SanFransisco when people get their car windows broken.
It's also easy to find if you know contractors who break down shower doors or shower windows.
All that glass is tempered and can make a beautiful sparkling effect on your piece.
"Remember, you have a lot of creativity in this project so be creative, go wild, go crazy, use colors or don't."
"Just enjoy the process, be patient with yourself and have a good time."
Sometimes I like to use little glitter glass in my pieces or glass beads.
"You can also feel free to use little tiles, some come in shapes already precut for you."
These are glass flowers.
"They're Italian made, they're called millifiore, million flowers."
They can add nice little highlights and touches in your pieces.
You can even add soveniers.
This is a Buddha from a trip I took to Thailand.
It will look beautiful in a piece.
"I'm going to be doing pressure points on the head, all going towards the crown."
"When you have a headache, this is a great way to relieve the stress of the headache."
"It might not take care of it, but it will relieve the stress of the headache."
I'm using my thumbs going down the center of the back of the head.
"I'm going towards the crown. If we had a headache, I'd probably be staying there a little bit longer. Maybe not necessarily using my thumbs, but I can also use my middle finger or my index finger, or both and just staying there a little bit longer."
Going towards the crown.
"When I get to the crown, I give it a nice double thumb pressure."
A little pressing.
Using your oil lamps and converting them to electric is a really great way to make them functional today in our homes today.
So what I suggest is you take the number one burner and you just unscrew it and take it off and take this number one that has been electrified and I put the globe right on it.
They are all going to be a little bit different but I like to make sure the shade is covers that portion of the lamp and this seems to fit just about the right size and I will show you.
It has the exact same size of the threads on the bottom that you can see that are going to fit right into the center of the collar of the oil lamp.
"So you are going to screw that right on to the base; very simple, easy to do."
An inexpensive way to convert your oil lamps to functional oil lamps today.
So there you have your lamp with your electric burner on top and you can take any one of these shades.
"It does not necessarily have to be one of these shades but I find that this size in particular fits this particular lamp and you will see that you are going to have to measure the size of the height, width and clip of each of these shades to make them fit proportionally with your lamp."
"Ideally when you put a shade onto a lamp like this, you don't' want to see the brass collar here."
You want it to come down to the old collar that would make it proportionally to the lamp.
You have about as much space up here as you have down here on this particular lamp.
"Alright, for indoor and outdoor hockey, roller hockey, you need a ball for outdoor and for indoor you would want to use a specified roller hockey puck."
"They sell them to, they'll sell them to any sporting goods store would have them."
"It just doesn't work very well if you have a lot of cracks, stuff like that."
The puck will be bouncing around.
So typically outdoors what you want is just a roller hockey ball.
It just works good rolling around out here.
You can stick handle really good with it.
And it works great.
"So, use that."
You can go there and check it out and they can tell you which ones are the best ones or whatever.
Basically a roller hockey puck is basically the same size as a regular ice hockey puck.
It would be a little bit lighter.
It's made of plastic.
"But at the pro shop they would be able to explain it a little bit better, and you can check it out."
See if you want to get one of those.
If you need it or whatever.
You can use them outdoor too if you want.
Hi!
"Of course, it's very difficult to tell, so you're going to use the test."
"Right there it's still a little bit greasy, but you can hear on the side over here."
We've got all that grease up.
"It might also be a problem on the glass inside of your microwave oven, so you want to probably use some all-purpose cleaner on the inside of that to keep it clean and streak free."
"As well as the boiled water technique works for cleaning out baked on gunk from the top, sides, and even bottom of your microwave, water alone is not going to help if you have some slick butter or grease that's been spilled inside that microwave."
"For that, we're going to need something to cut the grease."
This will take soap of some sort.
I'm going to use an organic all-purpose cleaner.
You do not want to spray it in your microwave.
"You've got vents all over the sides and the top, which can easily get cleaner in them and that's going to potentially mess up your microwave down the line."
"Just spray it right on your sponge, and then you're going to use that to wipe up that grease."
It should take it off in a wipe or 2.
Hi!
"Once I have my box leveled, I am going to remove that level and draw around each side of my box."
"When I remove my box, I will have my lines."
"In this video clip, I will be showing you how to properly mark for an electrical box."
"On this section of wall, I want an electrical box to go right here."
"If I stick it on there and just mark around my electrical box, there is a good chance that my box is going to be crooked and its not going to look good."
What I like to do is grab a combination square and some other type of tool that may have a small level built into it.
Go ahead and remove that piece and I have this little level.
Now I've also used a line level in the past which is a real small level or you could just buy a very short level.
Next I am going to put my box onto my wall and set that level on top of it.
I am going to go ahead and adjust it so that my bubble goes in the middle that way I will know that box is perfectly level.
Hello!
Adults love to play in birthday parties.
"Come on, who likes to come to a birthday party and just sit around and talk to people that you may or may not know."
Get everyone involved.
Choose a game that incorporates everyone.
"For example, if who ever the birthday party is for, make a story about that person."
That person like to eat at McDonald's or Burger King or a restaurant.
Make the story flow to where people part of the party will be able to choose or guess their favorite item or things.
Don't forget to consider your audience.
"Make sure that they would enjoy games that are lively, and most importantly, have fun."
Its time to party.
Now we're going to discuss the appropriate games for the birthday party.
"For example, if you're having a party for a 5 year old, you want to choose games that are lively."
"Invite a clown, have face painting."
"Have games that are going to make the children, and when they leave they'll be glad that they came to the birthday party."
"You might even want to purchase party favors, things that would allow them just to be really excited about the game."
"If you are having a birthday party for someone that's close to teen age, you will like to choose games that will make them think, but also make them have fun as well."
Don't forget about adults.
In this clip were going to talk about the importance of the spray skirt.
We wear a spray skirt th keep the water out of boats.
Russel here is pulling on it and you can see the skirts not coming off immediately.
This could set you into panic.
So always practice pulling that skirt forward then back.
This will release the tightest skirt.
Now there?s different types of spray skirts.
People this may be a little bit to tight so you can get a nylon skirt comes off very easily.
We prefer neoprene because when were in rougher water like waves and serf and white water it doesn't come off as easily.
This may come off but on regular day paddle if you just want to keep the sun and water off your legs a nylon skirt works really well.
We also want to show you another way to remove a spray skirt.
Often times were in a hurry to get on the water because others ore waiting for us.
Russel is going though show you how to put on a neoprene spray skirt.
So we may inadvertently put our loop in.
So what we want to do is not be depending on the loop to pull the spray skirt off.
It's like a shower cap it's just a bunch of cord around the undercut.
You just pull it off.
Russel here is going to show how to pull it off without using the loop.
He turns to one side digs in and pulls the skirt away from the cockpit coning.
See how easy that is.
This is something that you really should practice.
And we challenge our self that if we should capsize we try not to pull the loop at first we practice by not using the loop.
First were going to start and always start in the back.
Fully engage it in the under cut of cockpit coning work it around the sides and then pull it on.
This is a pull loop so if you should capsize you can pull this loop and it releases.
Russel's going to show you haw to remove a spray skirt.
Pull forward then up.
He lets go of the spray skirt reaches around and pushes the back of the kayak and out he comes.
What is real important about the loop on your spray skirt is to pull it forward first instead of back first.
Today we are going to make smothered chicken with maque choux casserole.
This is going to be a coating seasoning for your chicken.
So now we are going to prepare the chicken but here is how we are going to do it.
We want to create a flour dredge for it to brown up nicely.
So here is how we do that.
So I just like to pour some flour.
I have a paper plate here you can use whatever you need then put that in here.
"We have a wheat flour here, you can just use regular white flour if you like pretty southern tradition to do."
"Seasoning it up a little bit so I'm going to use some black pepper, be pretty liberal with this because it is in the flour so all this is not going to be on the chicken."
You have that and you have some nice salt here to put in.
"And today, we're making a campfire in my backyard in the snow, in the winter months which is something we actually love to do, be able to spend as much time as we can outdoors."
Not everyone has an opportunity to be able to do a campfire like this.
"Now, I happen to have a nice big backyard and so that really is a great thing for me but you need to be able to talk to your fire department or local places to see if you could actually and legally have a campfire and be able to roast marshmallows in a container."
We're going to talk about what type of surroundings you need to look for in order to make sure that you're safe when you actually build a campfire in your backyard but be familiar with your rules in your own community.
"No matter where you live, you need to kinda find out what you're allowed to do in your own little community before you start a campfire."
Now I'm going to talk to you about how to decide if you are going to build a glue in or a bolt in neck.
"You can complete the body first, make sure that it's done, make sure it's going to work, and then turn your attention to a neck."
"Now bolt on necks are not as warm in sound as glue in necks, but they are definitely going to be something that you would be able to pull off."
This is what's referred to as a glue in neck again.
"And again this neck is actually glued in to the body, it is not removeable once it's put in there."
"For these guitars, the only way to take the neck out and put a new one in is to cut this neck out and route all of the material that's left from it, from this body."
So again this is something that is very difficult to change.
"If you break the neck, it woud be very difficult for you to make another one to replace."
In addition the fit between this neck and the body has to be fairly precise for you to get the appropriate return of vibration and tone.
"It requires a little more technical skill, you have to be a lot more careful when you're putting this type of guitar together."
"But again it provides a very solid joint, it is a permanent neck, so if you don't like this neck you can't really change it."
And I want to explain the differences to you of each of these types of designs and how they affect the sound and how they'll affect your ability to build one.
But again it's a solid connection.
You'll get more sustain with this type of neck then you will with a bolt on.
Let's begin with what's called a bolt on neck.
"As you can see once again, we talked about that it has four screws that hold it in."
And of course they don't protrude through the top.
The benefits of the bolt on neck are that you can easily adjust the angle of the neck by applying shims under it.
"A small piece of wood, a small piece of paper, whatever to tilt the neck if you need to change the angle of the neck."
"Also if you ever break the neck or, lets go ahead and assume that at some point during the assembly process you have difficulty, shall we say, with the neck that you're working on and you decide that you want to start over."
"You will be able to do that with absolutely no problem, it won't affect your body at all."
Now this is an open front winter turnout blanket.
"If you put a blanket on and there is dirt underneath the blanket, it is just going to rub on your horse all the time so it is important to make sure that your horse is brushed off."
The open front is very easy to slide on.
"All we need to do is just over the horse and again, just buckle him up."
"So we will start in the front, do his chest straps, he has three belly surcingle that we will do next."
And last but not least on this blanket a ham strap.
So that is how to take on and off an open front blanket.
Let me show you the easiest way to take on and off a winter horse blanket.
"First to take it off, this is Rudy, he's already got it on, unbuckle the front and this also has a Velcro behind it so we will undo that as well."
Then he is going to have three surcingles and we are going to undo those three surcingles and then this blanket also has the tail strap and we are going to take that off as well.
A turnout open front blanket is really easy.
We just slide it right off the side.
"Easy, just like that."
"Now to put it back on, when you are putting on your horse blanket, obviously you want to make sure that your horse has been brushed."
It is just like before you put a saddle on.
Proper golf etiquette is something that every golfer needs to know and practice while out on the golf course.
My name is Jared Garbett and I'm with Echo Farms.
"After marking the ball, you can pick the ball up."
So that anybody else that is behind you is not in the way of your golf ball.
This is how practice proper golf etiquette while on the green.
And I'm going to teach you how to practice proper golf etiquette while out on the putting green.
You're going to begin by taking the flag out of the flag stick.
Making sure not to damage the edges of the cup.
Going to gently place the flag stick on the ground making sure not to throw or drop it.
You're then going to check your line of path to walk so that you know you're not in anybody else's way.
"Seeing that the path is clear, I can walk over and mark my golf ball."
"Whenever I get to my golf ball, I want to take a coin or a ball marker and gently place it behind my golf ball."
Making sure not to move my golf ball.
"You can find me in New York City, and today I'm going to teach you how to play a saw."
"About the time of World War II, saw playing almost disappeared."
"This was due to the fact that vaudeville, it's main venue, ceased to exist."
"Also, all metal was used for the manufacturing of ammunition, and no new saws were manufactured."
"For saw playing, you need a new saw with no rust on it, and most of the men went to war."
"Since most saw players were men, there was nobody who would teach the younger generation how to play."
"Therefore, the art form disappeared."
"Today it is regarded as if it's a new invention, but actually it's very, very old."
"I started bringing this art form back into popularity through performances, recordings, lecture demonstrations, but mostly through working with composers of today, urging them to incorporate the musical saw in new works."
"Let's talk about how you keep score in the game of Pyramid Solitaire. Well, you don't necessarily keep score. It can be just a one hand affair, but I do like to keep score."
I have a bit of a competitive nature and I might compete with my previous score.
"So, it's interesting to me to have a score at the end of a hand of Pyramid if I haven't completed the board."
"So, the end of a hand is when you can make no more plays, you have no more stock pile, you're usually going to have a waste pile, you're usually going to have some tableau left and then you've got the foundation."
The way I keep score is I ignore the foundation and I add the remaining tableau to what's in the waste pile.
"So, in this case it's one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight plus one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve."
I have a score of twenty for this hand of Pyramid.
To make our rat we are going to use air drying clay or self hardening clay.
Important things about this kind of clay is that it need to be kept in a sealed container in order to stay malleable and able to use.
It will dry up really quickly.
"So we want to make sure that when we are, that when we are not using it."
It's wrapped up and the air is out of the bag and when we are using it we are not leaving it for long periods of time.
We also use water with this clay it's a little different from what you might use if you us if you were doing pottery or spinning on a wheel and you want when you're using this clay you will notice that the oils and the moisture from your hands are actually soaked into the clay and it starts to dry out.
So it's important to add water to this clay but not too much.
What happens when we add water is it moistures the clay but then if we add too much we get something that gets a little bit too sticky and this clay can often crack if it's not well shaped and well sculpted.
"Just like in the previous ""sit"" command, I would like you to administer baiting your dog with the ""leave it"" command as well."
"Once your dog knows that they're about to have a work activity by baiting them, you can then get down on your one knee."
"Good, sit."
"As I mentioned, I like to lightly hold the dog's collar, bait them so they know that a command is to follow."
"I will be discussing placement of the treat or the object in an upcoming segment, but I'd like you to always think how baiting the dog gets the dog's attention."
"Like I also mentioned, I never want a dog to assume a certain pattern of commands."
"Certainly, if you go to a zoo or see a dog show, they train the dog to do a series of segments."
"Good, sit."
"But as far as the ""leave it"" command or any other single commands, I want the dog to know that baiting is going to be followed by a particular command."
Up.
"Hi, my name is Mark Breaux."
I've been working in men's tailored clothing for about 25 years now and I'm going to demonstrate how to tie a wider knot.
"You start out, you cross the front of the tie over and then you take a wrap around this first leg and cross around the back side and you go around this leg."
"A lot of times with the more Euro knot, you don't pull this part as tight as you would with a normal business tie because you want it to be a little fuller to start with."
"After you get that base it forms a good triangle there, cross it over and up through the neck and then down through that loop."
And that's going to tie a wider stance knot at the top here and it's going to fill up spread collar a littler bit more and then also as far as the gage you want to gage it for the over all length of the tie.
It still should drop below your belt line of your trousers.
And that's the Euro knot.
A lot of times it is used with a spread collar or cut away collars.
It gives you a wider knot.
It's also referred to as a Euro knot.
"First thing you want to do when you start out to tie this tie, you need a tie that's a little thicker in its fabrication."
The liners are going to be a little heavier on the inside of the tie and make it a little heavier.
If you go with a traditional business tie like this it's going to be a little thinner and it's going to tie a narrower knot.
"But, to tie this knot first thing you do, you want to start out and tie the full Windsor which, also gives you another wrap around the base of the knot and helps you get a little fuller knot."
"First thing you have to do is you want to judge your length, how much you need."
"Hi, I'm Johanna Krynytzky and this is Karen Sun Ray and we're here with Hip Expressions Belly Dance Studio in St. Petersburg, Florida."
Let's work on our Rocking Camel.
"One, two, three, four."
Good.
Now how big you want to make your camel is up to you.
Right?
"You can make it nice and big, one, two, three, four."
"Or you can refine your camel and make it a little bit smaller, three, four."
"One, two, three, let's speed it up a little bit, four."
"And; one, two, three, four."
"One, two, three, four."
"One, two, three, very nice."
"Now remember a camel is different from an undulation because the shoulders move with the camel, an undulation stays with a confine of the body without having the shoulders move."
Good.
Excellent.
That's a beautiful Rocking Camel.
"So if we put one shoulder in front of the other, so right now I have my left foot in front of my right and not very far forward, so we're not way out here."
Okay.
"Feet together, so my toes line up almost with my heel, I want to bend my knees, keep the belly button pulled in."
"As I bring the chest forward, I'm going to let the shoulders come forward with me and then lift the chest, bring it back and roll down."
So it's going to be one and two on the front foot and three and four on the back foot.
"One and two, back on three and four."
Good.
"Hi, if you're looking for things to consider when you're rating a massage chair when you're thinking about buying one, I can give you a few things to consider and to think about before you make your purchase."
I'm Sundae with Natural Sundae.
It takes a few more minutes than a chair that's made a little bit better would.
"Out of five stars, I'd probably give this chair a three."
So you want to make sure it's really easy to set up and that there's not too many moving parts.
"The third thing to consider is the padding and there are many, most of the pieces on here are padded."
"You've got your headrest which is really padded and that's really nice, you've got your chest plate, you see this one moves up and down, you've got your seat, you've got your leg guards and you've got your hand rest, your forearm rest."
So you want to make sure it's got enough padding for you.
And you also want to make sure it's comfortable to sit in.
"You want to make sure it's really comfortable and some massage chairs just aren't comfortable at all and they look comfortable, so you just never know."
You want to sit in your chair definitely before you buy it.
So those are just four quick and very simple things to consider when considering which chair to buy for your chair massage.
"Now there are about four things that you should really keep in mind when you're purchasing a chair, massage chair for massage."
I'm Sundae with Natural Sundae.
Take it easy guys.
What you want to do is you first want to think about the weight and how heavy it is.
"You're going to be carrying it around and you don't really want it to, you don't want to hurt yourself carrying your chair around."
So you want to make sure it's fairly light.
You also want to make sure that it's fairly adjustable.
"The headrest can move, this chest plate can move up and down, and there are definitely lots of movable parts on the chair."
You want to make sure that you know how to work your chair and that it's easy to work.
"For instance, this chair is a little bit harder for me to set up."
In this segment we will talk about how to set your tent up in the snow.
In the coldest part of the winter you are certainly going to want a four season tent.
This will save you a lot of grief and also be a really good way of knowing that you can set your tent up faster especially as the sun sets and it is getting cold and you would like to get that tent up.
I am using snow stakes which have a little better purchase on the snow and will hold the tent a little more securely than the wire stakes that normally come with your tent.
If once you set your tent you don't feel that it is still secure enough you can always try to find l rocks or large quantities of snow to set over the stakes to help anchor them in.
"When you are pouring out all the parts to your tent they can get lost pretty easily in the snow, particularly if it is fresh powder so it is a good idea to lay down some kind of a cloth that all your stakes and miscellaneous pieces go on otherwise you will be digging for them or worse yet not be able to set your tent."
I have found a couple of rocks that I can put over the stakes and that may be good enough but I'm going to go a step further and cover them with snow to sort of anchor them in place and that should keep my stakes where they belong and my tent standing through the night.
Now the final step of course is to put your rain fly in.
You will stake it out the same way and that will give you a secure tent that you will be able to rely on for the night.
You can use a three season tent towards either end of the season.
If you are using a three season tent it is a good idea to use a ground cloth.
You will want to set your door so that it is facing your gear that makes the shortest trip between the door and your gear when you need it for convenience sake.
This tent has two doors so we won't have to consider that.
If you weren't able to get the ground perfectly flat which is often the case you will want to consider where to put your head.
"It is a good idea for the head end of the tent, where that is where you are going to be laying your head when you are sleeping to be on the higher ground."
You will sleep better that way.
Now hopefully what you did before you came out here was set your tent at home so that you know for sure how it sets up and that you have all the pieces that you need.
"Okay, we're going to start with the shower."
We're all done with the tub now.
Lets get some water marks going right there.
"Okay, now every time I take a shower."
You see these?
I don't know if you can see the water marks.
"But every time you shower, if you use the squeegee to get rid of that water on your panels, there is so much less work to do when you have to come and clean your shower."
"So from the inside, lets say I've just had a shower."
"I pick up my squeegee, which is always on the floor in m tub."
"And I just go from top to bottom, and it just helps so much with stopping that buildup of water marks or calcium from the water."
And just go like that.
Done.
Hopefully you have no questions left on the tub.
And then obviously I did it to this side as well.
But it.
You would be amazed at how much easier it is to keep your glass clean if you just do that with no cleaning products at all.
Its sparkly and clean.
There's no germs.
"You know that its, its a clean place to wash."
So lets move on to the shower.
I'm going to give you an example of what I do with the squeegee.
"Every time you take a shower, this is your best friend."
So lets get some water marks first to show you.
"Next step, with a nice, even coat of media on your photocopy, flip it over."
"Take your hand and I want this thing stuck, stuck, stuck, stuck on here."
There.
"Everything should be stuck, every single surface of it, no edges poking up."
"If they are, have some media on the end of your brush, gently go around like that, and then there you go, then press it down."
"Now as soon as you feel you have a good seal, you're not done yet, because you want to put some more media."
I like putting some more media on the back of the photocopy as well.
"Some people don't do this, to me actually the transfers are a little more consistent when you do."
"So, same as last time, put a bunch of dots on the back, now we're going to do the same thing."
"Nice, even strokes."
"I prefer a bigger brush for this, not like a little one, otherwise you can see it can take a while, and media does dry, so you want to make sure you have a nice, even layer on here, before the drying process starts, which will be about five to ten minutes after first application."
"Hi, my name is Mike Sanders and I'm going to tell you a little bit about how to catch a wave."
"So once you get out in to the position that you want to be in, you gotta keep in mind that the waves usually break in one place, repetitively."
"You don't want to take off on somebody, which means, you know, the person who's on the wave or the person who's paddling for the wave and they're closest to the peak."
"If the wave's crumbling like this you know, breaking, breaking to the right and somebody's riding the peak and you're over here and you just shouldn't go for it."
It's not your wave.
It's like cutting in line.
You really shouldn't do it.
"But if you know the wave is there, it's standing up for you, it's behind you, you see it, turn and you want to paddle perpendicular."
"If the wave's moving in like this, you want to paddle perpendicular with the wave."
That'll give you a steepest face and that'll give you the most speed to take off on.
Another thing to keep in mind is position of your body on the board.
You want to be far enough back so that the nose stays out of the water.
And they're going to move in parallel more or less.
"You also don't, you don't want to be too far back, because you're pushing a lot of water, if your nose is you know, if here's the water and your nose is here, you're like a barge pushing a whole bunch of water in the front, slowing you down."
It's a lot harder to paddle.
Paddle like you've never paddled before.
I can't stress this enough.
"So many people will just go out there, start paddling, start paddling and then they'll jump up on the board when the wave's ten feet behind them and they wonder why they aren't catching it."
You really have to wait to feel the wave pick you up.
"You'll feel the board get turned down the wave and as it gets turned down, it'll drop down the wave, just like a skate board goes down a hill."
And as you go down you get more speed.
"Once you feel the board moving faster than you're paddling it, that's when you know you've caught the wave."
"Well, their motion is perpendicular to the beach, but the waves themselves come in, and here's the beach, the waves are coming in like this and they're breaking each way."
So what you really want to do is position yourself where the waves are about to break and you want to be there.
You don't want to be around too many people.
That's hard to do in places like California.
"But if you can, you want to stay away from too many people."
"Fortunately, usually there's more people surfing at the better spots."
"So once you're out there in your position, you're right where the waves are almost breaking but not really, just kind of lifting you up and down, and you see white water on the other side of them; you gotta be patient, you gotta wait for a wave that's coming."
Ok we are just about finished here.
I think that's a beautiful classic hair cut.
"Leaving it low on the bottom, higher on the top."
"Once I'm done with my clippers, I'll go in with my shears making sure that I get all the leftover hair and that I make it even throughout."
Now this is something that you and a friend or your mom and dad can do at home.
"But if you are not sure on how to get a good classic men's haircut, visit your local professional."
I'm sure they can help you choose the right cut that's for you.
Now Matt is just about done.
"We've done the sides, we've done the middle and we've done the top and Matt likes his little spiky."
Always finish with a little hair spray.
And you've got a clean and classic men's hair cut.
My name is Sylvia Russell and this is how you can get a clean classic men's hair cut.
Classic and beautiful is what we are going for here.
A classic men's hair cut.
My name is Sylvia Russell and this is how you can get a clean classic men's hair cut.
Now first thing on my client Matt is that I like to keep it low.
Keep it nice and clean and neat.
"Classic means very conservative, keeping it easy to maintain."
Nothing that needs a whole lot of work.
"As I work my way up the side of the head, I'm going to leave it a little bit longer because I'm actually creating a fade."
"Red cups, red Dixie cups are the easiest to play with and they are the most commonly used."
"So you can buy those at any liquor store, any convenience store, any grocery store, the little Dixie cups."
Ping pong balls are a little bit harder to find.
"Sometimes you can find them in the grocery store in the toy aisle, but other than that a good place is REI or a Sports Authority, something like that is always going to have ping pong balls."
Anywhere that sells sports equipment like that.
"So, you need water."
Just fill it up with your sink.
That's really easy.
The beer pong table is actually the most crucial.
"If you can't afford to spring for all this stuff that I just showed you in this video, just use a regular table."
It doesn't have to be fancy enough to be cool.
"And if you are, if it is too short just make people stand back further to actually shoot."
"Please join me again, next time, for all of my other videos."
"Now, a lot of places that you can buy supplies for beer pong is actually, go to any convenience store."
Hi.
I'm Maria Enomota from Consumer Credit Counseling Service and today we're going to learn how to shop without having a credit card.
"The main difference is that if you use it as a debit card and you enter your pin number and they charge the amount, the amount of this charge is going to be taken right away from your checking account."
"If you decide to use the same card but as a Visa transaction or a credit transaction, they're going to be taking the funds 72 hours after the transaction."
So that will give you some time to put some money in your check account if you don't have a set amount at that point.
Some people have had a bad experiences with credit cards so they want to stop using them for at least for awhile.
"And, but they also need to know that they can buy without having a credit card."
One thing that you can use is a prepaid credit card.
Know something that has a extend limit you put the amount that you want to carry with that and you'll use a prepaid credit card to do any purchases that you may want on line or if you are going to be renting a car or renting a hotel room if you're on travel or if you want to buy groceries.
That's the way you can control your expenses by using a prepaid credit card and it's not exactly as a regular credit card because the limit is set by you.
"If you don't want to use a prepaid credit card, you can still use your debit card."
"If you have noticed, your debit card, the one that you have from the bank that is link and attached to your checking account, will have a Visa or Master Card logo."
"And when you buy and use that card, most of the times they ask you if you want debit or credit, it's because that small tiny debit card can be used as a credit card too."
In this clip we're going to talk about a top wing.
This keeps the wind on the side of the wing keeping your car on all four wheels.
"It kind of acts as a parachute so as you're going around the corner and that wind is pressing up against this side of the wing and keeping you from tipping over and it causes you to go faster around the corner without letting up, without using the brakes so much."
"So, these are very important to racing and sprint car racing especially."
The top wing is adjustable.
The front wing is not adjustable.
Hi!
"Don't nap for too long because then it'll actually drain you, don't nap for anymore than an hour, set your alarm and just lye down, try to relax and even a short nap will do wonders for you."
"If you have a disjointed schedule, let's say you're a musician like me and you're traveling around a lot, then it's difficult to get enough sleep."
"You really have to force yourself to sit down and not do something, don't go out even though you may be tempted to do it, call it a night and relax."
"Because if you don't, you're going to wake up around 8 thinking oh god, I wish I could sleep till noon and you don't always have that luxury."
People who don't get enough sleep are at much higher risk of catching a cold because it makes them very stressed out and their body is as strong anymore.
"So get enough sleep as you possibly can, work it into your schedule, even at the point of cutting out social things and you'll find you will be getting sick much less often."
"Now, resting is one of the best ways of preventing and treating a cold, should you catch one."
Sleep helps you prevent a cold in a variety of ways.
"First of all, it boosts your immune system, secondly it recharges your body which means you're going to perform at peak capacity."
Sleep also reduces stress which can be a major cause of a cold.
"So getting enough sleep is very important, but actually doing it can be very difficult."
"Any busy person knows that you can't always get as many hours of sleep as you want, but one thing that you can do is try to put yourself on a set sleep schedule."
"Force yourself to be in bed by a certain time no matter what, maybe it's midnight, maybe it's 11 pm, but make sure that you at least get 8 hours of sleep per night."
"If it turns out that you missed sleep because you're on a mixed up schedule, then what you should do is try to take a nap in the afternoon."
Hi!
"There many of us that enjoy a drink now and again, but drinking too much will actually make us venerable to catching colds."
So what does alcohol do that actually makes you venerable to catching a cold?
Well one thing that it does is that it dehydrates you.
"Water helps you get toxins out of your systems, so you don't want to be dehydrated."
The other thing that alcohol does is clog up your filtering systems in your body.
Our body has these natural offenses meant to push toxins out and alcohol is something that you body wants to get rid of.
"So if your body is busy getting rid of alcohol, then it's not going to have the resources to get rid of the germs that are going to cause a cold."
"Now we've already mentioned before about not being a pack rat as far as pulling stuff out, now that you already have it in a garage sale you've got to make a real decision as to what are you going to get rid of and don't be a pack rat."
"You're going to have to put this stuff back up, you're going to have to organize it, you want to get it out of there and you want to sell it."
"If you want to make money on a garage sale and we often times, my sister will make $500 on a garage sale because she's really willing to go out there to put as much as she can out there and to put it within reasonable price."
If things truly are valuable then don't under cut yourself.
She would put it maybe a little more than I would ever put in a garage sale but then she sells it and she made $500 on a garage sale.
"Be willing to realize, make a conscious effort to know that I have to put all this stuff back up."
"If it's stuff that's going to be sitting out at next years garage sale and you're not going use it in between then, try to get rid of it."
"Put it out, display it, try to talk to people."
"If you see somebody interested, negotiate, keep going down until they want till it's cheap enough that they really, really want it."
What we want to talk about now is making the appropriate catch on the kick off or the return.
If this guy's left handed he wants to catch it more to the left side so he can tuck the ball away and step out of the end zone.
"Or, he wants to catch it on the right side so he's on that dominant side."
"Also, when you catch it, catch it nice and soft."
You don't want to catch it with concrete hands.
This is what it looks like when he receives the kick (video demo).
"You see he catches it, he has good balance and then he explodes out after making the good catch."
That's the proper way to do it.
"We want to focus on when the ball is kicked and the ball is above you, what are the proper ways to get yourself set in order to receive the kick off."
What we want to talk about first is that balance.
You never want to be coming up on a ball and have to catch it out in front of you.
You always want to catch the ball standing underneath the ball where you have good balance.
You also never want to be catching the ball on your back foot going backward when you receive the ball.
"The other important thing to remember is when the ball is coming in to you, you always want to catch the ball to one side or the other."
You don't want to receive the ball in the middle and let it hit you in the middle of the chest.
"Typically, you'll see those hit and bounce off and you'll make a bad catch."
This is Nigel Gregory with Blue Griffin Handyman and we are going to show you how to paint a straight line.
Now when working with paint if it's not low VOC or no VOC type paint you want to remember to wear safety precautions and wear your face mask to protect you from the fumes in the paint during and after you are done painting until it is completely dry.
Now there are several ways to get a straight line. They have got these neat brushes out there that have rollers on them and so you just press these rollers up against the molding that you are working with or a board that you attach to the wall and you just paint along like so.
"Remove the board and then you have a straight line here. Another way you can do it is if you just have some tape and a brush, this tape here is low stick and it won't pull the paint that is existing on the wall off so you take a strip of it and pull it fairly tight and put it on the wall or the board or surface that you're going to paint."
"Make sure that it is down on the surface really good and it sticks well and then take your brush and paint right down the middle of it or so so that you get a nice line, a nice good amount of paint, a good coating on there."
You may have to go over it two or three times but then what you want to do is allow that to dry just a little bit because sometimes the paint can bead at the edge of the tape but for demonstration purposes I am going to go ahead and pull it up and see if we can get a good straight line off of this and notice how you have a good straight line with the paint there.
Those are just a couple of ways of getting a good straight line with paint.
"You can find me in New York City, and today I'm going to teach you how to play a saw."
Some kneel down this way.
"Whatever way you decide to hold your saw, it doesn't matter."
The sound production method is the same; it's just a different stance.
There are many ways to hold the saw while playing.
"The most prevalent way is to sit down, place the handle between your knees, and clasp your knees together so that the blade will not slip through."
If you are right handed then you hold the tip of the blade with your left hand.
This is the most popular stance.
"However, some people play standing up."
"You hold the saw in the same manner, but you stand up."
"Some people, mostly I found Switzerland, play the saw kneeling down."
"Again, you hold the handle between your knees, but you're kneeling down."
"Hi, my name is Rosario Nene Ortega."
"I'm a Dance instructor, Ballroom and Tango, at the Goddess Store in Hollywood, Florida."
I'm going to Promenade.
I'm going to take a walk.
That's in translation from the French Promenade.
So it's one.
"two, tan-go, close."
"When I close, I go back and face my partner."
"This is a Tango Promenade in the American Tango, okay."
"So, let's take it from the back!"
See how it looks.
I'm going to start form this angle.
"In this clip, we are goin to talk about the Promenade, Promenade and the American Tango."
"It's going to go, turn to the right."
"See I'm already showing that I'm going to Promenade and slow and slow, quick, quick, slow."
"This is a Promenade, Rosario Ortega at the Goddess Store in Hollywood, Florida."
"So we start in the dance position okay, we are facing our partner."
Our party is going to let us know that we are going to move in a Promenade and we open our body.
"I'm opening, I'm going to the right."
"So, I am going to step one, two, three, quick, quick, and close."
"Okay, I'm going to show this again."
Let's start from the beginning.
"So I""m going to turn and open my body."
"If you are massaging your own horse who is of a fairly calm stoic sort of a nature, there is some real benefits to that."
But there is some disadvantages also.
You can find yourself kind of lulled into a false sense of security.
A calm horse may not let you know as readily as a more sensitive horse when something doesn't feel good to them.
They may be willing to tolerate a lot more from you then a more nervous or flighty horse would.
So that makes it equally important to not take them for granted to pay close attention to what you are doing and close attention to how they are reacting.
A calm horse may show you in much more subtle ways that you need to back off or that you need to move from one area to another.
"There maybe less movement of the ears, or less movement of their mouth as they're licking and chewing, they may not sigh and drop their head."
They may just kind of stand there in more or less one position the entire time that you are working on them.
So pay attention to your horse and again know the horse that you are working with and know their likes and dislikes.
BEN GRAHAM: Every kid can play baseball.
It's a very simple game.
You can play baseball in your backyard.
"You can pick up a stick and hit a rock, or a pine cone around, which most of us have done at some point, or another in our lives."
"Again, baseball is very easily accessible, very open to everyone who has willingness and a very basic skill set."
"In this series of videos, we'll go through some more advanced skill sets."
"But always remember, baseball's a very simple game every kid can play."
It's very intricately woven into the history of the United States and our American culture.
"And I think the reason that it is, is because it's a very accessible game."
It's not a game that you need to be seven feet tall to play.
You don't need to be 250 pounds.
You don't need to run a 4-4-40.
You have to have a very basic skill set to play the game of baseball.
"If you can pick a ball, if you can throw that ball, if you can hit that ball, and you can catch that ball, you can play baseball."
"Baseball is played all over the United States and all over the world really with very simple equipment, very simple people exercising a very simple skill set."
"Now, we are going to be talking about tennis balls; a very important part of tennis."
I'm going to give you an example of a good tennis ball.
You want to have a tennis cap to protect you from the sun.
You want to make sure you put sunscreen to protect you from the sun.
You want to make sure you have pants or skirt where you can put your balls.
For example today I have a skirt that is also a; it has pants and it has a skirt so I can actually put my ball inside a small pocket that is right here.
There you go; tennis ball in there.
"That's really going to help me, because when I am going to be serving I am going to be serving with two balls, because you have a first serve and a second serve."
You don't want to be leaving the ball on the floor because you can step on it and you don't want to be tossing with two balls in your hand because you're not going to have a good toss.
"So, you want to make sure you have pants or a place where to put your balls."
That's concludes a little clip about balls.
This would be a decent tennis ball.
It has hair; you can see the logo of it pretty clear.
This would be an example of a bad tennis ball.
"The ball is almost pretty much gone, you can see the logo is almost gone, the yellow color of it is also gone and most important you can squeeze it and it's almost going to go all the way down, as you can see right here."
"When a good tennis ball you can squeeze it, but it will stay firm on your hand."
Where to place your tennis balls?
That's a very important question.
I'll bet all of you are going to be serving and that's where your outfit comes in.
When you apply tip you want to make sure you get each nail to make sure size there are and the size of the nail corresponds to 10-0 and 0 is the largest so this looks like a 9.
You want to avoid having anything that over flows the nail and on to the skin.
Again this is tight we just swivel it and that is a example in applying the tips on your real nails.
So we pick out a 9 and apply it okay it is about the right size.
"When you apply nails make sure you use nail glue, super glue does not work it will lift the nail and you client would have a fungus because of the moisture."
When you apply the nails make sure that the fake nails which is the tips is in lined with the real nails so it won't be crooked it when you put it on.
"Absorb some pressure, hold it for about a minute and then check it I swivel it a little bit and it is on tight."
The next nail you have to make sure sometimes people are they use there pencil or some tools that pushes against the nail so it pulls the nail and goes to the left or to the right.
You want to make sure that nail is straight and if it does goes to the left you want to put the acyclic nail to the right.
So again you apply pressure don't put to much glue to much glue it would leak over to the side of the nail and on to the skin.
It will irritate the skin sometimes burns and also sometimes when you put on the acrylic and the glue is over the skin water can get in.
In this clip we'll be evaluating the clients hair texture and type.
That's totally important for the end result.
"His hair is relatively fine but it's very thick and has that very straight direction to it so there's absolutely no bend and because of that, he basically has two choices."
"He either needs to grow his hair out a little bit longer so that the weight will actually keep this growth pattern in check and keep the hair down or he needs to take it considerably shorter so that as the hair pokes out, which it's going to do, it's doing so in a shape that's acceptable,"
Often times the client will come in and they'll be requesting a particular hair cut or a particular hairstyle and their hair texture just won't work for that.
The best way to do that is to actually get your hands into the hair and feel what's going on.
"When your hands are in there you can feel the texture, the density."
"At this time, at this time it's also a good opportunity to analyze if there are any colics in the particular clients hair."
A colic is a growth pattern where the hair swirls in a particular direction.
It's very important to be aware of that before you begin the cut.
"Typically, in those areas, if the cut is taken too short, the hair is going to stick straight out."
"On our particular clients hair today, we can see that his growth pattern is such that it wants to stick straight out."
The next thing that we're going to cover in our introductory lesson after we get done the stretching is going to be jump roping.
"Some of the boxers come in, and they know how to jump rope already and a lot of them don't."
"Give me that jump rope."""
"So they hand me the jump rope and I say, ""You know how to learn how to jump rope?"
"The best way to learn how to jump rope, you take your jump rope and then you set it aside."
Okay?
You just set it off to the side.
"Make believe you have a jump rope."""
"What we're going to do is as you're making a believe jump roping, your wrists are going down, we're going to bend at the wrist."
"Don't bend with your full arms, and don't jump up a foot off the ground, that's just torquing your body."
It's just wasting a lot of energy.
We're going to jump an inch off the floor.
"A lot of them haven't jump roped since they were a kid, and that's fine."
We're just going to revolve our wrists a little bit.
"Just make believe you've got a jump rope, that's the best way to learn."
"You can practice on one foot, on the other foot, but just make believe."
Okay?
Now Nick here is going to show us a little bit on how he jump ropes.
That's a knot in there.
Well that's a good start.
Next we'll start on hand wrapping.
"What we like to say is a good jump roper makes a good boxer, and a good boxer makes a good jump roper."
"So jump ropes come in all different styles and lengths, and thicknesses and textures."
This one here happens to be what we call a 'speed rope'.
It's a light nylon type thing with some good ball-bearing swivels.
They've also got some heavier leather ones with some good heavy weighted handles.
"But what I usually tell people is, ""If you've never jumped rope before..."" I try to let them have a go at it."
"I can see them over in a corner and they're trying their best and they're jumping really high and they're winging that thing over, and this and that, and I say, ""Hold on, stop a minute."
"Hi, name is John Stewart and this is how to find north with or without a compass."
If you're trying to find north you can do it many different ways.
True north points directly north and magnetic north is going to be off just a little.
"Magnetic north is going to point towards your north poles and your south poles on the globe, okay."
But maps are set up to use true north unless you're right on an agnotic line and at that point it's going to use magnetic north.
But these are the many different ways you can find north.
"You can do it using a compass, just find a compass match the red arrows up, and you're going to walk north."
"If you don't happen to have a compass, you can do this several other ways."
"You can find a tree with moss on it, moss always grows on the south side, so walk the other side."
"You can do this at night by using the north star, find the north star and that's going to lead you the way."
"Other ways you can do this is watch the sun rise and set, the sun rises in the east, sets in the west, so if you can be up at those hours it will help you guide and find north or south."
If you can't do that you can find it other ways.
"True north and magnetic north they're very similar, they're very few degrees separate these."
But most maps are set up to use true north.
"Hi, if you're interested in how massage can help the elderly population, I can definitely tell you that it can, I'm Sundae with Natural Sundae."
"Now when people think of massage therapy they generally think of the traditional form of massage therapy that uses pressure, well, obviously this is not going to work for the elderly population, they're very frail, and according to what kind of condition they have, it's not really going to be appropriate."
So the kind of massage that's gentle enough for the elderly population is called compassionate touch.
"And more than just a regular massage, this is just a holding and warming of the joints, using the warmth of your body and the warmth you create as a person and your energy, to help that elderly person."
"And mainly besides just the warming and the holding of the joints, it can help make them feel loved and wanted."
"I know a lot of elderly people who don't really have any family, nobody comes to visit them, and showing that they're still important, and connected to this world and people still care about them, is sometimes even more effective than the physical aspect of massage."
"So massage is definitely helpful for the elderly, and I would recommend any massage therapist, if you have a free day a week, go to a local home where there are elderly people alone, and just show them that they're still loved and cared for and that they are important, and they do matter."
"So that's why I'm so passionate about massage for the elderly, I thing it's very, very important, and I hope you do too."
"I'm Sundae with Natural Sundae, take care."
"In this clip, we are going to go ahead and start putting in all of our dinosaur themed items."
I went down to my favorite discount store and I found a bunch of dinosaur things.
This is a very easy read and it is a picture Bible so little kids will have patience sitting through it.
"And then, this is just a little coloring, a little poster coloring set with markers and dinosaur as you can see."
Put that there.
And a 3-D poster with some 3-D glasses.
And I think I am going to put that right there.
And these little guys.
These are little plastic dinosaur.
Boys love these.
"And, there are going to go right there."
"And then to round it off, some dinosaur stickers."
I totally lucked out.
And these are actually hologram stickers.
"I don't know if you can see but they are really kind of, they are cool, they are very cool."
"So, i am going to put those right there. And there we have our dinosaur themed books and little paraphernalia And when we come back, I am going to show you how to embellish it even more with some more treats."
I was very excited about it.
A dinosaur coloring book.
I loved getting these when I was little on Easter.
And this one even comes with its own crayons.
It?s very cute.
So I am going to put that there.
"And then, in keeping with the spirit of Easter, I like to give Bibles, children's Bibles when I am creating Easter baskets for kids."
"In any yoga practice, you can build internal heat and start to get slightly overheated just like any workout."
So it's important to know how to do cooling breath to keep yourself centered and keep you focus on the rest of your practice.
"And some people can't roll their tongue, it's just a genetic difference."
"But if you can roll your tongue, a nice way to do this is roll the tongue and breath out through the tongue like a straw."
So take a nice inhale in.
"If you can't roll the tongue, another alternative, inhale through the nose, and when you exhale just let the tongue falls slightly out of the mouth and breath out of the mouth, letting out the internal heat."
And these are two great ways to cool yourself throughout the practice and find more focus.
There's two ways you can do this.
One is holding the breath.
"So take a nice breath in, and you could hold it for several seconds, maybe a count of two or three."
And then a nice breath out.
And repeat this several times.
"So I could do it with you, inhale in, and hold your breath, and exhale and release the breath and let everything go."
This will slow the heart rate and it will also bring you back to center.
The other cooling breath is through a rolled tongue.
"O.k., now I have all my napkins separated."
I'm just going to push aside the four corners out of the way; but keep them where their going to be placed and we'll work on one corner at a time.
"And you can see that the napkin was translucent there and you do see the patterns, but because we've made a cut and kind of softened the cut you don't notice it at all."
And then you want to glaze over with the decoupage glue.
"Now when your glazing over you want to be very careful that you have plenty of glue on your finger, and you just work very delicately because the napkin is so thin it's like a piece of tissue paper and when you wet it with the glue it's a wet piece of tissue paper; so it's very, very delicate."
And you want to work very gently with it.
"And just make sure that your finger is always slick with glue, and don't let that glue dry out while you're working on it."
"I like to do my decoupage by first putting a thin layer of the decoupage glue down first, and then adding more glue over; after."
"So the first one is easy, you start it in the corner and place it carefully on the glue. And then just pat that down on the glue, o.k... And then do that, go all the way around."
"Now you can also go ahead and put the top glue on first before you work on your next corner, or you can go and do all the corners and then put your glazing glue on the top."
"O.k., now I'll show you how to join the two corners; again you want to put a very thin layer of the decoupage glue and work fast so it doesn't dry before you're finished."
"And again you want to start at the corner and work your way down to the, where it's joined; o.k... Place that down and then just pat the napkin in place."
"Now it's o.k. if the napkin wrinkles a bit, it gives it a little bit of an antiquey look and pat that in place."
We're going to talk now about how to set a traditional tip up to avoid wind flags.
"And, I don't know if you can see the wind blowing right now, but it's gusting pretty good, about 15 - 20 miles per hour."
We've already had a couple of wind flags today.
"And essentially what that is, is the wind comes in and blows the flag enough to trip it, so you run over thinking you have a fish, and there's nothing there, and there's nothing more frustrating than that."
"So there's a good method for doing that though, to avoid these wind flags."
"So, the wind right now is coming from this direction, right at me, right at my right side, so what I'm going to do, I'm going to hook this flag in there, and then I'm going to switch this tip up around; again, being careful to stay out the way in case it flips up."
"Now the wind is actually bringing it closer to the tripping mechanism, so it's not going to trip from the wind, the only way it's going to trip now, and that flag is going to go up, is if we actually have a fish on the line."
The next move I am going to show you is called pistol hips.
"Again, you want to make sure you are in proper posture."
Bring one knee out and down a little further.
Then the other knee.
Knee.
Knee.
Knee.
Knee.
Knee.
"Again, the knee is dropping down and out."
Down and out.
Down and out.
"And, for this one, I find it a little bit easier if you sink a little bit more down into your knees."
Down and out.
"Now, while you are doing that, when the hip comes out you want to squeeze your butt."
"So, drop squeeze."
Squeeze.
Squeeze.
Squeeze.
Squeeze.
Squeeze.
Squeeze.
Squeeze.
Usually about this stance for your proper stance for this one.
Squeeze.
This is called your pistol hips.
What you can do is you can pick up the pace.
Drop.
Drop.
Drop.
Drop.
Drop.
Drop.
Make sure you are squeezing.
Sunk down a little bit more into your knees.
This is your pistol hips.
"What I do is let one hip go, then the other hip."
"One hip, and the other hip."
"And, how you get this is I drop one hip at the knee."
The knee comes out a little bit further than the other knee.
"And, then the other knee."
"All right, now let's talk about my favorite topic, cell phones."
"Now I would like to say that in business meetings, in business meals, in business anything, turn it off."
"And then that would be the end of the clips on the cell phone, but I know that it doesn't exactly work that way."
"If at all possible, turn your cell phone off."
"Anything that's going on out there, surely, people can leave you a message."
"However, I understand that sometimes there are certain circumstances in which you really, really, really need to take a call."
So you need to leave your cell phone on.
"If that is the case, the first thing you want to do at the beginning of the meeting, at the beginning of the lunch or dinner, is let people know that you have had to leave, you have to leave your cell phone on, that you are expecting an emergency phone call."
"You don't have to go into detail, but just let people know that your cell phone might be ringing."
I'm Ivan Madar.
"When traversing a hill, make sure you are looking and your body is turned towards your next turn and you are lifting the ski with your heel up so that you are not leaning backwards."
It is not this type of motion that would put you back.
"So your knees are flexed, pressing against your shins and lifting your heel."
"Okay, now the first drill I'm going to show you is how to make a turn on the outside ski."
All you do is start the turn with the outside ski and lift the inside ski up.
This is how it looks.
"So, we just learned how to transfer weight from one ski to the other."
"The next drill would be traversing the slope and maintaining weight on a downhill ski, making sure you can balance yourself over the downhill ski edge."
"Now, that is called a traverse practicing drill."
"You are practicing to stand on your downhill ski, balancing your body over the downhill ski and lifting the ski just to make sure that all your weight is on your downhill ski."
It becomes important later in maintaining your balance.
The submarine pitch is not so much as pitch as it is an arm angle.
"All pitches, the fastball, change up, curve, knuckle ball, any of these pitches can be thrown in a submarine manner and basically what they mean by submarine pitch or a submarine pitcher is the ball is thrown from a position that is less than 90 degrees from the ground."
It is thrown in this position.
So all of the pitches for a submarine pitch or all the pitches for a submarine pitcher are thrown almost in an underhanded manner.
Submarine pitchers can be very effective because the ball comes from a strange direction at a strange angle and for one or two innings submarine pitchers can be very very effective.
Also because the ball is being thrown severely from the side it creates a larger angle which makes it more difficult for some batters to hit and that is a submarine pitcher and a submarine pitch.
"We're here with Daisy today, to talk about removing ear wax from a cat's ear."
Now there's various reasons that a cat will get ear wax.
The outside of the ear you really want to get that because it can get some build up there.
"These little crevices back here, oh yes, she's being such a good girl."
Daisy is an incredibly well behaved cat and I'm not even having to scruff her.
Which is great.
"Alright, with a cat that's a little less cooperative, you see this loose, loose skin right here at the back of the neck."
You can just scruff that.
"It's a great way to hold this cat secure, you can sort of press down a little bit, keep them flat against the, the sink, the towel is really nice, or against the counter."
The towel is nice to give them something to put their nails into something if it will make them feel secure.
And it keeps your counter clean.
And we're going to come over here and do the other side.
Mites can be a big one.
There you go sweety.
How's that?
Oh not a whole lot going on today.
Now for some cats the easiest thing to do is swaddle them in the towel.
I wouldn't do this with a cat that you don't know well.
"But for one of your own cats it can help them feel more secure, and it can also keep them from using their little claws to, to try and fight anything you're doing that they don't like."
So you just want to get in here and clean around.
"You really don't want to go any deeper than where your finger will reach because you don't want to damage their ear, their eardrum."
And a just nice gentle massaging motion.
"Hopefully, it could actually, the thing that's amazing about cat grooming is it can actually be pleasurable for the cat if you take the right attitude."
Fungus can be another.
Doesn't that feel good?
Doesn't that feel nice and clean?
Oh aren't you a good kitty Daisy?
"Yeah, and look your ears are so pretty."
"Mites, usually they look a little bit like coffee grounds that have accumulated in the cat's ear."
"A, a fungus will have kind of a yeasty smell if you touch it and then put it to your nose."
"In those cases you really want to take the cat to the vet and have the vet treat them for mites, or treat them for the fungus."
Some cats get a lot of waxy build up just because they're kind of a waxy cat.
Or perhaps they have food allergies or some other allergy.
"So I've put a little bit of ear cleaner, cat ear cleaner on this little pad and we're just going to reach around in here, there's a lot of little crevices in the ear."
"Hi, I'm Emily Larew and now I'm going to teach you how to do a wing and a toe."
So what's going to happen is this you're going to do a single wing.
Wing and a toe.
Good.
Let's try that left foot; we don't want to use and forget that one.
So ready?
We're going to use our right foot; plie your left foot and push off.
Wing and a toe.
Wing and a toe.
Wing and a toe.
Wing and a toe.
"So what we're going to do is we're going to start on our left foot and we're going to do, you're going to be on your right foot, all you're going to do is a single wing and add a toe drop in the back."
"So let's try it one more time, your right, my left."
"We have, go lighter on the bar cause remember that's what our goal is we're working to go center floor not using the bar because you can't take this with you when you're doing a dance in front of everybody."
Ready?
So we have... good and that is how you do a wing and a toe.
"So, keep your toes forward; weight in the balls of your feet; use your plie."
Your going to push off your foot.
Toe.
You drop your toe in back right afterwards before you start your next wing.
Wing and a toe.
Wing and a toe.
Wing and a toe.
"Hi, this is Sean Hobson."
"What we're talking about right now is using our forwards, our power forwards as passers in the offense."
"So you can see that he was able to give a cutter the pass because of the fact that he caught, he turned to the offense, and he was ready to become a passer."
It's going to make your offense flow a lot better.
"And one thing you can have very valuable with our post players, whether it be power forward or a center, is if they are good passers, your offense is really going to move well."
"And what I'm talking about there is when I feed, if he's post up on the block when I feed him, if he just stands with his back to the offense, he doesn't know anything that's going on behind him."
"So what we like to do is we either like our post players to catch and turn to one side if he can or if he can completely turn and face up, if the defender drops off of him and he can turn and face up, that way he can see what's happening in here, and he can see to pass the ball."
"So we're going to show you here real quickly what it looks like when I feed the post, and we've got a man that is cutting down from the wing."
"When he turns and he can see that man, then he can become a good passer and he can hit the cutters, and it's going to open up our offense a lot."
"All right, here we go."
Ball.
Good.
I'd like to talk another aspect of a healthy diet.
Something that is not usually discussed in relation to the five food groups and so on.
And there are different opinions about what proportion that you constitute in the diet.
There are some people that are advocating these days a completely raw food diet.
Which I don't subscribe to.
I think we need more of the balance.
"But this is something that's increasing in popularity as seen by the emergence of the raw food restaurants and the raw food ""cookbooks""."
So raw foods of course we commonly think of are vegetables and fruits.
But there are other raw foods as well.
Raw eggs for example.
If you remember the Rocky movies.
Remember Rocky downing his raw eggs in his blender shake in the morning.
And that is raw food.
Even raw dairy products like raw milk.
And in some states this is available.
Not all.
Raw milk comes from a certified dairy.
"And what that means is the herd is checked on a regular basis, in some cases daily, to keep them clean and to prevent pathogens."
So a certified dairy turns out a very safe raw food product in my opinion.
"And raw foods could also be sprouted nuts, seeds, grains, even fish."
You've heard of Sushi.
Sushi consists of a lot of different types of raw fish.
And we can talk about the proportion.
The benefits of raw food and the benefits of cooked food.
As I say I don't subscribe to a completely raw diet but I believe as much as seventy percent of the diet can be raw.
And the problem with raw foods you might need to be careful about.
"Sometimes raw foods harbor pathogens, like raw fish, bacteria that might be on certain raw foods."
Too much raw food in the diet can actually weaken digestion.
And certain conditions you would not want to eat a lot of raw foods.
"Like if a person were suffering from Candida for example, which is too much dampness in the body."
We don't want to contribute more dampness by eating a lot of raw foods.
Some of the advantages of cooked foods.
Cooked foods.
Actually cooking makes some of the nutrients more available to the body.
Like other aspects of nutrition we're looking for balance here.
As in the case of carrots.
"You can get, assimilate more carotenoids by cooking the vegetables."
Not over cooking them.
But al-dente as they say.
Tomatoes.
"Tomatoes contain Lycopene, another member of the carotenoid family."
And we know that men who get more cooked tomato products in the diet have a lower risk of prostate cancer.
That was not seen in those consuming the raw tomato products.
"So, again, we need a nice balance of raw and cooked foods in the diet."
Well here's a gourmet approach to raw foods.
"And it's important to get raw food in the diet for the live, I should say the active enzymes in there."
This is something like you might find in some of the raw food restaurants.
This is a spinach quiche.
It's got an almond crust.
"And it has spinach, kale, celery, collard greens."
And it's got sort of a mild almond creme topping.
Looks delicious.
Here's another one.
This is a Mediterranean wrap.
This has sprouted lentils and lettuce in here.
Also delicious.
Enzymes are considered the life force of foods.
So these type of gourmet raw foods you would have to look around.
Try your local natural foods store.
You'll see more and more they're carrying some of these gourmet raw varieties.
"So if you put a raw food, like a raw potato in the ground it will grow into a plant."
If you put a cooked potato in the ground it'll just decay.
So that's an example of the life force in raw foods.
"Hello, my names Mark Blocker."
In this training series we're going to cover automotive tire chains.
"I'm referring to tire chains used for traction devices for driving in deep snow, ice or just general poor weather conditions or when you're required by law."
Basically there's two different types of chains that are out and available.
"They kind of fall, there's a lot of different variations, but they kind of fall in two brackets of cable chains and standard chain chains."
"Which is like a standard tow chain style link and a cable chain being of like aircraft grade cable, rather than chain components."
"We'll go over those two different types and how to install, pre-fit the chains and some basic driving tips for operating the chains or operating the vehicle safely when the chains are on it."
We'll both go over the pre-fitting and the actual putting the chains on if you were in an inclement weather situation.
"Okay, so please watch our first segment, we'll cover the different types of automotive chains and go through their uses and applications."
Now we're going to talk about character development.
"Some of the details of the character's life, some of the things that are not necessarily so apparent, like their age or how tall they are, their body type, things like that."
These are more things that you would have to get to know someone with.
So these are some of the ways that you can develop a character.
You can say maybe they are untidy: their hair is always messy and their shirt is always sticking out of their clothes; their shoes are always almost falling apart; they are maybe 40 years old.
So then we get to see that they had a decent amount of life experience.
"The relationships: They tend to hang out at a bar a lot; they know a lot of people that work at the bar, so that's where a lot of their relationships come in."
"Their purpose, their purpose."
Maybe they are the confidant of the main character.
"Maybe the main character tells them their dreams; explore some of the aspects of what's going on with them, maybe their biography."
Maybe they had the same dream as the main character but they didn't achieve it.
How do you develop a character?
They have advice to impart for the main character on how to achieve that dream.
These are ways that we can develop a character.
Find ways to create that life on stage.
"Although there are things that go into a character, there is the appearance of a character."
"There is the age of a character that functions into character development, there are the relationships of a character, and there is the character's purpose."
Why is the character on stage?
This works for some of the supporting parts.
What is the purpose of the character?
What do they function to do?
And there's also a biography.
CLANCY ROSE: The next thing I'm going to talk about is mixing the milk for the breve and then steaming the milk.
So today I am going to be making breve because I don't actually have a pitcher of Half &amp; Half and that's all the breve is.
"You're going to hear air starting to be introduced into the milk, and what you're doing in that process is creating the foam for the drink."
You're going to do that for a little bit longer than you would if you are using normal milk.
"So in this drink, we're going to do it about seven or eight seconds, and then after you stretch the milk then you raise the pitcher back up so that the steam wand is submerged down into the milk and get the position right again so that it swirls and keep it swirling until it's at the temperature that you want to drink."
So if you have Half &amp; Half then you just use that.
"To make breve, I am going to use half whole milk and half heavy whipping cream, and I'm going to pour it into my pitcher and I'm going to be doing this in a 14-ounce cup, so that means I'm going to fill out the milk into the pitcher right up to this ridge and that's about how milk you should use in your pitcher."
And I'm going to move on to steaming the milk.
So I'm going to do this in three motions.
"First, position the pitcher around the steam wand in such a way that when you turn on the steam wand the milk starts to swirl inside the pitcher around the edges of the pitcher."
You do that until you can feel the milk temperature kind of match your hand and it's right about 100 degrees.
You feel that warm break in the milk.
"All right, when that happens you're going to lower the pitcher down to where the tip of the steam wand is right above the surface of the milk."
"So, I'm going to show you two variations of the letter A, we'll start with one that's a little bit simpler."
"So, again, I need to get some ink in my pen, and the round form of the letter A begins with a curved stroke, just like the first stroke of the O, and then I'm going to bring this stroke around and down, so there's a round A."
"But, it's not the most exciting letter, so I'll show you a different A."
And that's going to start with a diagonal stroke and then what's called a leaf stroke.
"So, I'm putting."
"So, that's going to break down into three strokes."
"One, two, three."
"So, you have a choice and you'll find this with many alphabets of which style of letter you like."
So you can try either A and try both A's.
"Hi, I'm Allison from ImagiKnit in San Francisco and I'm going to show you how to repair a dropped stitch in knitting."
A dropped stitch occurs when it slips off of the needle and then comes out through the stitch underneath it.
We want to make sure we place that back on the needle correctly.
"In order to do that, the right side of the loop, versus the left side, which is here on the back, you definitely want the right side of the loop on the front of the needle because if it is placed this way it will twist your stitch, so place it this way so the right side of the loop versus the left side is on the front of the needle facing you."
Here we have repaired our dropped stitch good as new.
A drop stitch like this is a very common error.
The easiest way to fix it is to have a crochet hook handy and go ahead that through the dropped stitch.
"Then go ahead and reach for the first rung on the ladder with your crochet hook, grab that and pull that through the dropped stitch."
Then repeat as you go up each rung on the ladder.
Pull it through.
We've know completed two rows worth and we've got one more to go.
We'll pull that through our loop.
And now we've got our dropped stitch here.
"The question has been asked how to break in a new baseball glove. Well, there's a lot of things that you can do to break in a baseball glove but some of the things I would suggest is we want to first soften the leather and make the glove so you can do this make the glove bend in this matter so it's easier to hold on to the ball."
Some of the things you can do is to add Tanners oil which softens the leather.
Neatsfoot oil although be careful with neatsfoot oil because sometimes tends to make the glove heavy or there's many other products you can buy at your local sporting good store that suppose to be helpful to breaking in a glove.
The other thing you can do is literally go at it and do a lot of catching in it because that's one of the fastest ways to break in a new baseball glove.
You can also get a glove and pound in a ball excuse me and pound into the glove and that helps with that and then constantly bend the glove in a matter so that you can get so that it has more flexibility and be able to bend in that matter.
"Now, be careful when you're squeezing the glove like this that you don't develop a wrinkle in the pocket."
"If you get a wrinkle in the pocket, the glove is going to wear out faster and it's not going to have the pocket like you want it to be."
"So, I would suggest to help with that situation is to put a ball in your glove when you're done with it each day and then put a rubber band or something elastic around it to hold it in place and that'll keep this pocket nice and big."
"So, that you can have the flexibility that you need and not get any wrinkles in the palm of the glove which is very important but you can do lots of different things to break into a baseball glove but there's not substitute for just playing going out into the yard into the field and playing a little catch because that'll do it faster than anything and basically that's how you break in a new baseball glove."
Before starting to mud I went ahead and laid down a painter tarp and some spared towels just in case I spill some of the mud or falls off the wall it's not going to get in the carpet.
For filling holes are closet is going to be the worst area just because we pulled out that shelving unit and there was a lot of different bracket that held that in.
On another portion of our wall we had another shelf which was held in by a big screw so we're going to have to fill this as well.
"The first thing I'm going to do with these holes is take a utility knife and cut a divit around them because when we pulled those nails out it did raised up the drywall a little bit, we just going to break that back down."
Next I'm going to take a little bit of sandpaper and make sure that's smooth.
"Next we're going to take a little bit of mud and fill in that hole, now you want to leave a little bit of mud about the surface, so that we can sand it down later."
When you mud your holes you might need to do this over about 2 or 3 days span just cause when the mud dries it will get smaller and it will show that hole a little bit.
"Another important thing to do for your dog is always have one spot in the house that's devoted for the dog for sleeping, resting, relaxing, whatever."
"In this case, we have an extra bedroom and I let Possum sleep on the bed in here."
She stays really close all the time and has ever since she was a puppy.
"Not everybody can devote that kind of time, but you can devote enough love to give your dog its own little bed so it can always have somewhere to rest and sleep, and they love you back for that."
Don't you Ms. Possum?
See she's asleep.
She's sleeping like a baby.
She doesn't get on the other bed unless I call her up there.
A lot of people don't like dog hair on the bed or whatever.
It doesn't bother me.
I just tend to wash my sheets more.
"In this case, I let Possum have her very own bed."
"She knows that she doesn't have to get on any other piece of furniture, that she always has this to come home to."
"Now, if we have guests over, then what I do is I make a little pillow in the corner and she can sleep on that and she knows that that's her bed because it has her blanket that she has."
"I always bring her in here to my office so I can work and have her near me, and she's like my shadow."
One of our last finishing touches for our underwater mural are bubbles and for bubbles we're going to use more of our foam brushes.
"Now unlike some of our last square foam brushes, these are circular and these are excellent for, first off, you can stamp it, eyes."
You can have more of these going up.
"I find it's really useful, when you're basically putting down your bubble, go down and then rotate about 180 degrees."
About a half circle and then to pull away.
You can see these are already looking a lot more like bubbles.
Now we don't want just bubbles of the same shape which is why I recommend also using the smaller circular foam brush.
Again the exact same strategy as with the other one.
"We're going to put some paint on here, not to thick and then we're going to put it on here, do a little half circle, pull away."
Same thing over here and so on.
Now you can see you're starting to get like a nice little bubbling effect here coming up from our sand castle and around our crab area.
That's what we want to continue to do.
You can also be used to make bubbles and other circular shapes.
"Once you learn how to do this, it starts to get very easy, very quick to do."
"The one thing I will advise you against though, is don't make to many bubbles in the same area because after a while it will start to look crowded and cluttered and this is underwater."
You have some occasional bubbles going upwards but that's about it.
"Now that we've finished putting bubbles on our mural, let's take a second to look at the different areas of the mural and the final product that we've worked towards today."
You can see how the colors have all come together and helped make you make a very special mural yourself.
"So, you're going to take both of these, we're going to have our lighter paint color and we're going to lightly dip these in here."
Now the trick is to not make the bubbles appear super solid.
Bubbles are translucent.
They are not always exactly the same.
"Basically what you're going to do is take your foam brush, put paint on the top and put it on here."
You can rotate there ground a little bit.
"So there you go, you just get sort of a bubble."
"Okay, so what we're doing is we are checking our oil in our vehicle, and this is really important."
"Oil, has been explained to me a few times, the lifeblood of your car and you obviously don't want that to go bad."
"If it's below the ""add"" line, then obviously you want to go ahead and add some oil."
"But for our purposes, we're going to go ahead and change the oil."
"So that's just a good way to, you want to monitor this every once in a while, just to make sure that you've got enough oil in there, because if you have too little oil, that could really damage your car."
"So, that's checking your oil, and next we're going to go into actually changing the oil."
How often do you want to change your oil is a good question.
"Generally most people say by 3,000 miles or 3 months, your oil sitting in your car, so that's a pretty good estimate, I mean, it kind of depends on your car, it depends on the oil."
"But you definitely want to get your oil changed, you want to make sure you're changing it because it's really, really important."
"So what we're going to do right now is check our oil, which is pretty straight forward."
"Generally, most cars you'll find a dipstick with, for example, this one has a little oil graphic on it."
"So what you're going to want to do is, you just pull this out, go ahead and wipe off the oil that's on there right now because the oil might have jumped up and down or it might have rubbed up against something, just to get a clean read."
"So wipe it off first, you put it back in, make sure it goes all the way back in, and then pull it right back out, and there should be a level on there."
"For example, this one looks a little low, there's a little place marker on this one that says ""add"" and ""safe"", so ""safe"" is going to be, obviously you're going to be good on your oil."
Hi.
And Brad knows this because he's done a lot of self hypnosis to help him improve his golf game.
Even though he's a top 100 instructor already.
But even they can improve.
And with deep breathing you will learn how important it is to begin this relaxation step.
So in order to deep breathe we always begin at the very bottom of our stomach.
So Brad if you could put your hands on the bottom of your stomach so that we can see your hands expanding.
And you always want to start at the very bottom of your stomach.
In fact everyone push your stomach out.
We want you to imagine that your stomach's like a balloon and we have to push the balloon out so that we can breathe in.
And he's going to breathe all the way up.
And today I have with me Brad Brewer.
And he's going to breathe.
"In fact he could, you can keep your eyes open or closed, whatever you prefer Brad."
But he's going to breathe all the way up in fact as if the breath is touching the top of his head.
Now we know that your lungs stop here but he's going to breathe as if it's coming to this place.
So breath all the way up.
"Breathe, breathe, breathe, breathe in through your nose and you always exhale through your nose."
Exhale through your nose.
And you can see how his shoulders and his chest and his stomach deflate.
And then he pushes his stomach out.
He breathes in as deep as he can all the way up with his nose.
"Owner of the Brad Brewer Golf Academy at the beautiful Rose Shingle Creek in Orlando, Florida."
That's great.
And then he breathes out.
All the way down.
"See how his shoulders come down, his chest comes down, and his stomach comes down."
That is the proper way to breathe.
Always breathe from the very bottom of your stomach.
Pull the breath up to the highest part that you can get it and then relax it down as if a balloon is deflating.
Breathe in through the nose and out through the nose.
And that's the proper way to breathe deeply.
We're talking about self hypnosis.
And in this segment we're going to talk about why it's import to properly breathe deeply.
And Brad is going to show us how to breathe deeply.
Right.
Thank you.
So the most important thing.
NATHAN MCCULLOUGH: Hi.
"So if you opt for the snow tire option, what you're going to want to do is run your snow tires for only the months between, say, November and early March."
"If you are to run your snow tires in the summertime, they will wear out extremely fast."
"So, if you want to get snow tires, hang on to your old tires."
"Unless your tire professional advises you that they're already gone, or worn out, or destroyed, keep them, just have them--throw--load them up in the back of your truck, or car."
Take them home.
"Put them in your garage or over by the side of your house, and save them for later installation when the summertime comes."
And that's the proper way to ensure that you have a good thread surface for the winter time while driving your vehicle.
"In these clips, we're going to talk about some of the tips and tricks in order to properly winterize your vehicle."
"There's also another option which you're going to really want to consider if you live in a snowy area, they're snow tires."
"There are several different brands, mix and models of snow tires, and they're priced very significantly."
"Generally, a snow tire will be a little thinner, and the tread will be slightly knobbier."
What that we'll do is provide more space for that snow to squish into as your tread knobs grip the ground.
Snow tires are great.
They work wonderfully in the winter time.
"However, in the summertime, they wear extremely fast."
CLANCY ROSE: So the next thing that we're going to talk about is your espresso grinder.
So this is one example of an espresso grinder.
That's the only way to adjust the grind setting on a home--on a small home grinder.
"On this grinder, as marked right here on the grinder, counterclockwise."
"If you move this counterclockwise, it's going to grind the coffee finer; and if you move it clockwise, it's going to grind the coffee a lot coarser."
This is one of the biggest ways that you control the shot of espresso.
"The finer the coffee is, the more resistance it has against the water that is passing through the coffee pot; and the slower the shot of espresso is going to pull, the longer it's going to take."
"And the coarser that you have the coffee, the quicker the shot is going to pull, because the coffee--the water doesn't have as much resistance going through the pot."
"For this machine, you have your hopper right here, where you're going to put the coffee into."
"The coffee flows into the actual grinder, where it's going to grind the coffee, and it's going to shoot it out into the dosing chamber here."
"The dosing chamber is controlled by a lever on the right-hand side, where you're going to be able to pull it and move the coffee out of the dosing chamber."
Also on the right-hand side here is the switch to turn the grinder on and off.
And this is the rest where you're going to put the porta filter to dose the coffee into the porta filter.
"So if you have one of the smaller home grinders and not a big machine like this, you just basically going to put the coffee into the top part of it with the top plastic part and close it up and hit the button to start grinding the coffee, and you're going to grind it finer than you would for a normal cup of coffee."
An espresso grind is considerably finer.
"One guideline that I've heard is going by--it's somewhere above 20 seconds, so you're going to grind for a little bit more than 20 seconds."
I'm going to show you how to remove and replace the accessories grinding wheels and cut off wheels.
You want to push this button in and then it locks it locks the gear in place.
"You want to make sure you have your tool, you tool to take off the 2 wheels."
On these there is a lip on here that you use it is a raised and you put it down and that is what you would use for the grinding wheels.
There is a flat surface on the other side you want to use that for the cut off wheels.
You want to make sure you are holding the button in still on the other side.
"You want to tighten as much as you can with your tool, make sure that it is tight and it is on there good and you can start cutting."
Now that you've got the string on your guitar and you got some tension on it you want to make sure that the string is in its right tuning.
You don't want to crank down the tuning peg too far or you'll break the string so when you initially get the string on there make sure it's a little bit taut and then we'll tune it up.
Now one way you can tune your instrument is by comparing the strings to one another on the neck.
Now if you play the fifth fret which is right here on one string it's going to be the same note as the next open string down.
Now that's assuming that the first string that you've got you know is in tune or you're just concerned about having the guitar be in tune with itself so that the chords will sound good.
Now you would play the fifth fret on this string and then the next open string and they should sound the same.
"Now if they're not, it's way out, just tune it up until they sound the same."
"Now an important note here is that the, everything is going to be fifth fret to next open string except the G string."
The G string will be the fourth fret to the next open string and then you're back to the fifth fret when you get to the B string to the high E string.
All of these old balloon tire bikes had chain guards.
"You rarely find a chain guard on a bike today, but they served a great purpose."
"The skipped tooth chains were heavier, and they're hard to find today, but if you find a bike that has a skipped tooth chain, you've got a good old bike."
A chain guard keeps your pants from getting grease from the chain.
"People actually rode in street clothes on these bicycles, they used it for transportation, something that people rarely do today."
"But this chain guard is ready to remove, so I can show you what's underneath."
Here's the front chain ring.
"The first unique thing you see about this chain ring, is the spacing between the teeth, this is called a skipped tooth, or inch pitch chain setup."
"And it works the way a normal cycle chain does today, but there are gaps in the chain, and gaps in these teeth."
"And again you just peddle forward like a normal bike, and go backwards to apply the breaks."
"You can follow the chain back here and you'll see the sprocket; if you can see in there, that sprocket of course has the skipped tooth setup."
"We have some hot olive oil ready to go, ready to put the chicken in our pan."
I'm just going to put them on.
"Now, with this size pan, I've chosen to just do, how many breasts here?"
We've got five chicken breasts and on this particular pan there's not going to be much more room in here.
"I also have a skillet I sometimes use if I'm going to cook about ten breasts of chicken at once if you've got a big party, the big skillet, I'll actually bring that out in a little bit when we heat up our tortillas, but, right now this serves us and suits us for about five breasts."
"Now, these breasts of chicken will actually feed up to like nine or ten people because there's so many other ingredients going into your fajitas you don't need one breast per person."
Because there's a lot of the green peppers and the onions and all the chicken.
"So, in just a minute we'll come back after our chicken is cooked a little bit."
We're going to add some of our onions and green peppers here in just a minute.
"Now to finish the look, I'm going to talk about mascara brushes."
I have a mascara wand and also a mascara comb.
This is also an eyebrow brush.
"So if you don't have the, the other kind that looks like this one, you can use this one in place of it."
"What you always want to look for, I like the curved mascara brushes because they go with the shape of the eye, and then it's very easy to apply on both sides."
"So what you want to do when you're applying the mascara, you want to start by coming in and circling the brush up."
And you also want to wiggle it a little bit at the base to keep it from clumping.
"But if you do end up getting clumps, then you can go over it with the comb and it will help separate the lashes again."
"Again, contour brush or a curved brush is best to use for eyes on both sides."
"And then you're not battling, trying to go like this, to get your mascara on all your lashes."
"And in this step, I'm going to show you how to apply your paper-pattern pieces to your art glass."
Okay?
"""O"" is for orange as far as the way I labeled it for myself."
Remember to put the grain line; it needs to match the grain line on your glass.
There is another orange.
Leave room to cut them out.
There is a red.
"From each other, leave some space and there is a red, okay?"
"If you've never cut art glass before, do yourself a favor and try practicing on some window glass."
"We've got a couple of pieces here, okay?"
Window glass is just your clear glass.
"Remember, we labeled them--red, orange--so you want to keep those somewhat separate, okay?"
"Really good stuff to practice on, it's much cheaper than your art glass, okay?"
"You're going to put that on there and you're going to practice cutting on this before you go to your stepping-stone glass, okay?"
So practice.
"On the step next, I'm going to show you how to cut glass, whether it's this glass for practice or a beautiful colored art glass."
"It's going to be our happy sun stepping stone we're going to make in this mold, so check it out."
"When you get those, step over, grab your glue."
"You need some type of glue, okay?"
I've got them turned facedown here.
I'm going to barely spray.
You want to spray your glue onto something.
"I'm going to pick up these pattern pieces now, okay?"
"Sometimes, they'll just stick to your fingers."
"Hi, I'm Kyle Brayer."
A nice cardio workout for your in-home training session would be a side hop.
"So you can squat and hop, squat and hop, back and forth."
"From the side, squat and hop, squat and hop."
"So again, if you're doing your squat-hops, make sure that knee does not come over the toe and you keep all the fundamentals of the perfect squat - you're keeping your chest nice and high, your head forward, and knees not coming over the toes, and you're dropping back with your glutes."
"So from the front, side to side."
And that will be your squat or side hop.
Side hop is a great basic movement that is going to get your legs involved and get your heart rate up.
"So all you do is you stand somewhere on your floor and you're going to pick an object on the floor, if you have a tile or something like a crack in the floor that you can jump across, makes it a little easier."
You can also set an object down on the ground.
"You're going to keep your hands up in athletic stance, and you're just going to hop side to side."
"So it's like this, back and forth."
"From the side, back and forth."
"Very basic movement, it gets your heart rate way up."
"If you want to get a little more advanced, you can actually add a squat into your side hop."
"So we have two YiXing teapots here, how do you brew it?"
"YiXing teapots are usually recommended for oolong teas or black, black tea."
Usually it's the Puer tea that's best.
"Because YiXing pots are not glazed on the inside and when you brew the tea, every time you brew it, the teapot absorbs all the flavors and aroma of that tea and with each subsequent brew and every time you use this teapot, you get tea that's a little bit enhanced."
"And oolong tea, it's also recommended with, you can use this because oolong tea imparts flavors of aroma of orchids and lilac and these teapots will absorb that."
"So, if you want to use the YiXing, you don't have to worry about using any filter, there's already a filter that's inside these teapots and the tea is put in."
"You put a concentrated amount, just because you're using so little water and you're infusing it only twenty seconds, thirty seconds at a time, so that your guest is constantly getting replenished with warm or hot tea."
"And you hold the YiXing teapots like this and there's a little hole at the center, when you put your finger in that hole, it stops the water from coming out."
"But when you release it and hold it on the side, your tea will come out."
"Now that base is on, we're going to move on to the lid color."
"For the lid color, you have so many choices."
I'm going to take a smaller brush and I'm going to go right into this color.
You want to put a little at a time until it gets to your desired depth of color.
You're going to put it directly on the lid.
The lid is basically from where the eyelash is.
Meet the lid to up to the crease.
This is basically your lid where the ball of the eye protrudes.
"You don't want to go any higher than this because you want to keep this highlighted under the brow, but you want to get as close to the lashes as you can."
You want everything to just look blended and balanced.
"It's all about blending, blending, blending."
Add a little more and a little more if you want it to be darker and darker.
"Like I said, I'm going to go with something that goes along with the theme of clothes she's wearing."
"If you spill a little bit, that's fine."
Just clean it up with a brush afterwards.
It's not a big deal.
Open.
I'm going to do it a little darker since it's an evening look.
"You can get dramatic and just blend, blend, blend."
There we go.
"Kind of like in the plums, eggplants."
I'm going to use kind of a plum brown that has a shimmer to it.
There's so many you could use.
"You could use one that's more lavender, more bronze."
There's just an assortment of colors you can choose.
I like this one because it's got a bit of an iridescence to it.
"It goes on really smooth and it's just dark enough to be a lid color, but not dark enough to be a crease color."
We're going to apply a toner to take off any excess product and we're going to go ahead and apply the mask.
We're going to start with the eye pads because we want to protect the eyes.
We have several selections of different masks for different types of skins.
So we will let this mask sit for five minutes and then we will move forward.
And we're once again going to use a hydrating mask.
So we're going to go ahead and apply the mask in light strokes.
"It's a lovely shade of green, very smooth, has a lot of nice aroma to it, and once again, very hydrating."
We're going to put this mask on and allow it to sit about five minutes.
"And then we will return, remove the mask and add the final touches which will be a hydrating creme."
"And this, this mask is a hydrating mask and one of the components that is very hydrating is a shay butter and that is one of the very highly hydrating masks that we have here."
And for this type of skin this is what you want to use.
If you are a client who had very oily skin or little bit oiler skin you would not want to use this mask.
And now we're going to talk about Clockwork Vorrac.
"Clockwork Vorrac is an artifact creature beast, which means it counts as an artifact, and counts as a beast."
"It is an uncommon, and Clockwork Vorrac costs you 5 colorless to play, and is a 0/0 creature."
"Now once again, since it's a 0/0 creature, you know something is going on."
"First off, that this creature comes into play with four 1/ 1 counters on it, which means it comes into play as a 4/4, and it also has Trample."
"As well as coming in as a 4/4 with Trample, it has whenever Clockwork Vorrac attacks or blocks, remove a 1/ 1 counter from him."
"Also has the ability that you can tap Clockwork Vorrac, and put a 1/ 1 counter on Clockwork Vorrac, so he can constantly pump himself up, and wait to attack until later, because he does have Trample, and can run over all of the little blockers."
"There are two types of swimming on the river, one is defensive swimming and one is aggressive swimming."
"With defensive swimming what youre really doing is laying on your back, feet downstream and looking for help, sort of getting yourself oriented to the river, trying to figure out where you are and then getting yourself comfortably there."
"Defensive swimming tends to be for novice and guests that are real, or not real familiar with white water."
A person swimming defensively is looking to be rescued by somebody else rather than really taking the initiative and rescuing themselves.
"The aggressive uh, swimming, aggressive white water swimming is where the guide, or an experienced, um, white water person is taking control of their situation and swimming aggressively, uh, from one side of the river to the other, either to the quickest point on shore or to avoid, uh, a certain obstacle while youre out there."
"Hi there, I'm Tracy Goodwin and I'm the red sweater lady and today we're going to be talking about; how to improve perception."
Well how to improve perception of what?
"Well there's actually some things that you can do, some things that you can be aware of to help you improve your perception which will then in turn improve your interpersonal relationships."
"Well people, places, things, ideas."
What is perception?
"Perception is how you think and feel about things, people, places, ideas and in order to be a successful interpersonal communicator which is what we all strive for, we have to learn to improve our perception."
Perception can get in the way of our communication.
It can get in the way of our relationships.
"With loved ones, with husbands and wives, with co-workers, with bosses, with everybody that we come in to, in to contact with."
Some people will tell you right away that they have really good perception.
"They can really, they're really right about people when they first meet them and other people will say, oh I have terrible perception, I mean I always judge people wrong."
You know quite a few of us and a growing number of people aren't real comfortable using some type of chemical or commercially sold product as a bug repellent.
Hi I'm Captain Joe Bruni and what I'm going to talk about is how to make a natural type of bug repellent.
"A natural bug repellent can be made by mixing a third of a cup of distilled water, a third of a cup of cooking oil such as olive oil, and then twenty drops of some type of oil, like peppermint, citronella, or eucalyptus oil."
Place this mixture inside some type of bottle and shake.
The mixture can then be applied as some type of rub on lotion or some type of spray on bug repellent.
It's a natural type of bug repellent that will repel most insects and doesn't contain any of the dangerous chemicals that many of us would prefer not to apply to our skin or clothing.
"I'm Captain Joe Bruni, making this natural bug repellent is one way to avoid the worries of toxic chemicals."
Stay safe and we'll see you next time.
"Once your image is drawn on the paper, it's time to decorate it."
"Now it's very important when decorating, that you want to use a lot of color as I mentioned before, and these colors are really going to make the difference in your project."
"All of these things, when running projects for groups, are very important things that you have to really keep in mind and take an accounting for when planning the projects."
So now we see our image is colored.
"We see we chose some bright paint colors, some paint markers with silver and gold colors, and also we made the image nice and big."
"Not with a lot of fine details because there's--when the folds are running down the paper, it's going to be hard to see any fine details."
"We just want to have some nice big image, and also you can notice how it takes up the full size of the paper, from left to right, and this is basically how you want to make your image."
So we now completed the first image that's going to be part of our reversible picture.
"Together with making the colors, it's important to make the image should have some sort of outline around it."
"So there really is no right and wrong when decorating the image, but the most important thing to keep in mind is that you want it to really look flashy--bright colors and to make it really stand out."
"This decorating really becomes the main part of the project, so it's good to know when you're working with kids, that you should choose the supplies you're going to use--the colors and the way you decorate it--choose it carefully."
"You'll be under some time constraints, and also there are different children and different age groups have different abilities."
"Some of the kids find it easier to use glue and paint, and other kids find it easier just to draw freehand and apply colors right directly onto the paper."
"Now as far as getting the original image, you might want to get the image beforehand, and then all the kids have to do is just go ahead and decorate it with different colors."
"That makes things a lot easier and the kids feel more comfortable when they--when the finished product comes out to be something of more of a defined image, as opposed to something that they draw on paper, depending on the age group."
"So that's also something you might want to keep in mind, just to have a uniform image that is copied, and then just have them decorate it."
Okay so to center this platter onto this bat I'm going to use this pen tool here.
"And I'm going to find a little spot on the base of the platter, and I'm going to hold this pen in it's own orbit around the edge of the platter."
"I'm going to line my fingers up again at either side, and push it forward slightly, like so."
And then check myself again.
Okay now you can see I'm pretty much moving around without leaving a gap in my circle.
"There's a little bit of inconsistency in there, but basically this is now centered."
"So the last thing we want to do, get a little bit of water on the bat so it sticks."
And just take some lumps of clay and simply secure the edges of the platter down.
"Notice that I'm not sticking the clay to the actual platter, I'm sticking it to the bat and securing the edge."
We're going to do that in three spots around here.
And then the next portion of this exercise is going to be trimming this base and putting a foot on to it.
And we'll be doing that next.
"So I'm going to turn my wheel, holding it in it's own spot."
I'm going to now start to center.
And you can see how I'm leaving a mark on one edge of the platter.
I'm going to find that mark and find my starting point and my end point over here.
"I'm going to line my thumbs up or my fingers on these two spots and I'm simply going to push the plate forward, like that."
And I'm going to check it again.
"Still a little bit off center, you can see this time our line is much larger, it goes all the way around to here."
Which means we're closer than we were before.
Some people say the number one enemy to a fly fisher is wind.
"It's not really, but for this demonstration, we will cover wind."
"So, it's low, come up and make your regular conventional cast because essentially, the wind is going to carry it through."
"I'll demonstrate with my hand, lift, flip up, and make the cast."
This is essentially called an elliptical or circular cast.
See the elliptical motion of the hand?
"Underneath the wind, and stop and make your forward cast."
"Now, I'll demonstrate."
"Low, there's our cast."
See how the rod goes low?
"And, we make our perfect stop."
The wind is going to carry our forward cast.
"So, when the wind is coming towards you, you want to get underneath the wind, so now I will demonstrate that for you, o.k."
"So, it's, and that's how we are able to fish in all types of wind."
You will be a good fly fisher.
We do that mainly with the body and dropping the rod.
"Up, now see how we get underneath."
We go low to the ground.
"By doing that, we cut underneath the wind."
"O.k, in relationship to the wind coming from your back, we just covered what if the wind is coming to your face."
"O.k, we're going to use the same analogy, now, except now, it's going to be in reverse."
"This time to beat the wind coming against our back, we need to go low in our back cast, come up, and then go down in our forward cast."
I'm going to be talking about motions that you can be doing in the head.
"I'm going to be pressing down and going towards the crown, but I'm also going to alternate it with a little bit of thumb circling going towards the crown."
"I can do it with all 4 fingers, but in a little more gentler of a motion going towards the crown."
Then give it a glide down.
Always saying hello and goodbye to the head because I'm doing this combing motion with the hair.
My fingers over here are tight.
They're pointing towards the ear.
I'm just motioning in circular motions going towards the crown.
This can be done very light.
"This can be done very firm, but not hard."
It's great for headaches.
"I'm moving everything toward the crown because if there's any type of tension in the forehead area, I'm giving it pathway to move towards the crown."
This doesn't necessarily have to be done with the thumb.
Here's a simple improve warm up exercise.
Its a nice icebreaker for a group.
"So people are clapping, ding ding ding ding ding, around the circle and they're saying zip zap zop, zip zap zop."
And you can see already I'm just going to flub it up when you're sort of zip zap zop zop zip and then you get to celebrate every time someone makes a mistake.
So this is a game that should be played fast.
"If you're playing zip zap zop, zip..zap...you're doing something wrong."
So you should play it fast enough that people are messing up and that the words are getting tripped up and focus people on making eye contact with each other and delivering the word straight to them.
So that is the improv exercise Zip Zap Zop.
Its called Zip Zap Zop.
And one of the things its good at is its good for helping people mess up in front of each other.
It causes for a lot of mistakes and that get people loosened up and just feeling goofy.
So its a lot like the game Pass the Clap.
"You're going to get everybody in the circle and one person's going to make eye contact with someone else in the circle, and they're going to clap at them, at the same time they're going to say the word zip, zip, o.k."
That person is going to look at somebody else and they're going to clap at them and they're going to say zap.
That person's going to look at somebody else and say zop.
"And its going to start back over, zip zap zop, zip zap zop."
"Alright jump and justify expert, here we go."
"Well, welcome to the show, so good to have you here."
Well the ocean is the greatest flute player in the history of the world.
"The waters rush into the top, interact with the air, much like a human lips do on the flute mouthpiece, and this was an inspiration for the first flute players were listening to the ocean at the seaside."
"Oh, I didn't know that."
Yes.
"And, the stock market crash?"
"Was caused by flute playing, yes."
Like the pipe piper.
"In October of nineteen twenty-nine, a young boy whose father was a stockbroker who never paid any attention to him stood outside the Wall Street stock exchange and played the flute, and all of the stockbrokers left out like the rats, and no one was there to trade the stock, and it caused the great depression."
That is fascinating.
I had no idea.
Welcome to Music to My Ears.
"Now, one more question."
Sure.
I have heard something about my left sock.
Ha ha.
"Your left sock is actually is a mouthpiece of your leg flute, that is been surgically implanted in anticipation of today's show, so if you would hold your ankle up to my mouth I will play your leg like a flute, see."
"Wow, well we'll have to do that when we come back from break."
Yes.
What a wonderful.
"I just didn't know any of that stuff about flutes, and I thank you for being here today."
Your very welcome.
"I'm your host Janice Willby, and please, let us know who you are."
"OK, scene."
"So that's a little bit of that jump and justify expert game, where we're setting up leaps in logic or information and then connecting these ideas that seem first to be disconnected."
And we also learned about the leg flute.
The leg flute.
So that is jump and justify expert.
"My name is Carl Fudrickson, and I am a world class expert in the flute."
Carl is an expert in all things flute related.
"Tell me, how did you get interested in flutes."
"When I was a little boy my oldest sister took flute lessons and I loved the sound of her playing them, so I became fascinated with this great instrument."
"Well that's nice, a little family story there."
"So, tell me about the ocean."
"Another thing is when you are dribbling...and you have to dribble, you can't catch the ball and just start walking with it unless shooting or passing."
You have to dribble and move.
So your choices are to dribble and then pass.
Or you can take a dribble and shoot.
"Now let's just say that you catch the ball from someone, and you're close in proximity to the basket, you get two steps after your dribble to shoot the ball."
"So I catch the ball on the run, I'm jogging down, and I catch the ball on the run, from the time I grab the ball I get one step, two steps, and then I have to shoot it as a layup."
So you get two steps after you catch the ball.
"And you can catch it on the fly, which means just catch it in the air, one, two, shot."
"Or you can catch it and dribble, and when you dribble, once you pick up your dribble -- see because I'm moving my foot -- that's one step, two steps, shot."
So those are the basics of dribbling.
Our theme for today is basic pool maintenance.
Using the Tailor kit will be the best way to tell our needs of our pool.
"Our Tailor kit will be able to tell us how much chlorine to add, how much acid, what our calcium levels are at, and it will be able to tell us everything we need to know about what we need to add to our pool."
"Using the Tailor kit, which is color-coded, is a real simple way of being able to go to your pool professional, and be able to have him explain to you, what is he doing to your pool chemical -- with the chemistry of your pool."
"If you're using liquid acid, tabs or granular, it will be able to tell you how much you need to add."
"If you need to add acid to your pool, based on your readings, you'll know how much."
I am going to talk about campuses now there a handy thing to help you keep on track.
There is a number of different styles of campuses and you can really get confused looking at them.
So as you turn it it turns.
Base plate campuses has a little dial.
So you have to play with it to see which style is to your preference.
If you want something a little simpler you can go to ones more like this a little fish eye campus that you can just kind of pin to your pack.
"You just need to know which way is north, south, east, west."
This particular one is a key chain style or I have used them as zipper pulls.
It has a campus but it also has a thermometer which is kind of nice when you?re out on the trail to know what the temperature like.
If you have any questions about campuses give your local outfitter a holler.
But you really need to look at what kind of navigating your going to do.
If your going to use a map my preference is some form of a base plate campus.
Base plate campus has a little plate and you can use that plate to line up between a couple objects on the map.
There are also ones with a sighting mirror that allows you to hold it look through it like a little gun sight at an object in the distance and look at the campus at the same time.
It helps you to take a bearing off of something.
The downside of that for a backpacker it becomes heavier and I know it is maybe an half an ounce but backpackers think in terms of that.
This right here is a lensatic campus.
More of a military style nice thing about the numbers for the bearing are actually on the needle.
Another drill that will help you with ball handling which I had to learn.
"I remember having to learn, is called the figure 8; the figure 8 drill."
"Now, the figure 8 drill is different; a little different than the figure 8 dribble which we'll show you next."
But the figure 8 drill; the way you do it is you grab the ball like this and you just want to go and make a figure 8 with the basketball inside and outside of your legs.
"So when you're doing it, as you continue to do it, this is a drill that as most of these ball handling drills will do; your forearm, you'll start to feel, if you're doing them like you're supposed to be doing them, you'll start to feel a tightening in your forearm after doing them continuously and over and over and over."
"So, when you're doing the figure 8 drill, you want to get to the point, where you can do it quicker and quicker and quicker and as you get quicker, you'll be a little bit better with handling the ball."
Now you can go outside to in like this and get faster or you can reverse it.
"And as you reverse it, which is usually a little bit harder, you actually get better with the figure 8 dribble which I'm going to show you a little bit later."
Showing you the figure 8 drill.
"Pearling happens when a kayaker comes down the face of a wave and hits a current straight on causing the water to build up on the bow of the boat, pushing the paddler vertical."
"What we want to do to avoid pearling is keep our boat on edge and keep carving to the side of the wave and avoid coming too far down the wave, in order to not get a big deflection off the wave as well."
Pearling can happen at any point that your bow is right in line with the current and its going to happen the easiest when you get at the trough of the wave in the bottom.
So if youre down in the trough you want to be on edge and sideways to the current so that you get pulled back up the wave to avoid pearling.
So there are sometimes when you do not want to be doing stretches on your horse.
"If your horse is very, very tired and their muscles are already overly tired then stretching them at that point is not probably going to be a huge benefit to them."
It could just make a bad situation even worse.
"And again if your horse is cold or if it's very cold outside and it's hard to get your horse warmed up, you need to be real careful doing stretches at that time."
"If your horse is injured before you try doing stretches you want to again make sure that you have your vet's clearance on this, that there aren't any contraindications."
"If your horse is cranky, you don't want to be trying to do stretches on them then, they're going to resent it they're going to pull away from you and perhaps injure themselves or inure you."
"And above all in all the work that you are doing with your horse, you want it to be a positive experience for both you and the horse."
"If you are feeling distracted or tired yourself, or like if you don't have enough time to be working on it then it's best to not do it."
It's best to just spend a little time with your horse enjoying them and not asking them to do things that they might not want to do.
Okay so now we're going to prepare the bat for the wheel.
And attach the clay to the bat so that we can start centering.
If it's too wet the clay will just simply slide off it and you won't get it to adhere to the bat.
If the bat's dry it also won't stick.
So what we do is we take a sponge and we just wet down the bat.
And then I take my towel here and I just run it across.
"And now you can see we have a nice surface to attach the clay to, we also have created a little ring here so that when we lay the clay down on the bat we can see it's almost centered just sitting there."
"Attaching the clay we want to take the clay in both hands, line it up, and smack it down."
Okay so now we're prepared the bat and attached the clay.
The next step is centering our lump of clay to make our plant pot.
And we will be doing that next.
First thing we're going to do is look on the bottom of the bat and we have these two sets of little holes here.
And they're going to correspond with these pins that are on the wheel.
We're going to attach this.
"Now it's very important to have the right surface to stick the clay to, and having a pot, there's obviously been a pot that's been thrown on here."
And there's still some nice wet clay on there.
"This would be a great surface to attach the clay to, however, we often don't have that."
"So I'm just going to trim this off, and show you what you need to do to prepare the bat."
"The bat needs to be a little bit wet, but not too wet."
I have my meat here.
I didn't do that.
My mom does that.
She selects her own pieces of meat and she does that.
"I just buy precut, predone in the market."
I'm trying to mix all the sauce and the meat together.
All the sauce and the meat so we can have a nice amount stirring it over and over again.
Look how it's now boiling like that.
I'm going to place my meat in here and put it all together.
Mixing it all up good.
I'm going to put in here like this and mix it up.
Look at that.
Make sure that you mix it real well because the meats were separate.
"If you were doing that grinding, like I said before, if you were grinding your own meat."
"If you had selected your meat and grind it together, then you wouldn't have to do that."
"Now, the first thing that you need to do, even in a large group, no matter how difficult it is, are learn the students names."
"It is very important that you learn their names, and that you are able to identify them by name."
"Another option, which is not one of my all time favorites, but it works for certain settings and certain classrooms, is to have the students state their names before they ask a question, or before they speak, or when they are called on in class."
"Something else that I have tried, that I've had a lot of success with is when I'm learning students names, if I get their name wrong, I have to take them out for a cup of coffee, and they really like that."
"The, probably the most important thing about learning names is the willingness to look foolish."
"The willingness to call Becky, Kathy thirteen times in a row, before you get it right."
"But, I cannot stress how important it is, for you to learn your students names and give them an individuality in your classroom, where they're more than just a number."
"Well you say, how can I learn two hundred students names, or more?"
"Well, there's some several things that you could do."
"Obviously, the first one is name tags, which is my least favorite, but it's certainly an option."
"You can also consider tents, name tents."
"If you teach in a classroom or you're established in a classroom where there's some desks or large tables, put up name tents."
"My favorite thing to do, is to have every student give me a photograph of themselves on a three by five index card with their name written on it."
"And, that way I can look through the cards and I can learn to put names with faces."
"Something else that you can do, is you can promise to your students that you will learn their names, and then that puts a lot of pressure on you because you don't want to break your promise."
These are river rescue ropes it's always important to bring a rope you never want to be caught without a rope cause they can save lives.
Conversely you want to know how to use it cause you don't want to have a rope in the river while someone is swimming down there and not knowing it or paddling down.
"There's a couple different kinds of ropes this is pretty common rescue bag it's made by annerise contains about 50 feet of rope this particular type of rope is polyester, polypropylene and this type of rope floats in water so that when you do throw it someone can easily see it, it's also bright yellow so that they can see it."
But it also has a little stretch to it there's another type of rope that is made out of nylon it has less stretch to it that you can use for a certain mechanical systems to get pin boats off of rocks and other situations like that.
When ropes are thrown the rope comes out of the bag evenly and it's not cause it's coiled in there it's because it's actually stuffed in there.
So when you repack a rope bag you want to make sure it's stuffed loosely so that it comes out loosely.
"This is a typical type of rope that you would find with most kayaker's groups pretty standard and pretty normal this type of rope also incorporates a rescue belt it has a pocket here goes around the waist, clips on where the clip release strap so that if you happen to have a boat next to you can pull out the carol beaner, clip it onto the boat and once it's on the boat a length of rope comes out so that you can pull a boat to shore or help the person to shore then you can release it if it's pulling you to to hard."
It also can be used just as a rescue bag when it's not clipped to you you can throw it to the person in the water.
In this clip we are going to be talking more about tea accessories.
"This is also very nice, this is a tea sock which also you can use for any kind of tea."
It only changes the color and you have to just wash it with hot water.
Another type of accessory would be a teapot which already comes with the infuser in it.
So you really don't have to buy a separate infuser.
"So your tea, buy this teapot and you are all set."
But if you want to go separate ways then you can actually buy an infuser that suits you.
"You can buy an infuser a smaller size, that's for a cut that's for 1 teaspoon."
"You can buy an infuser if you want to make a pitcher, it's a little bit bigger."
"Or if you think your tea is very, very fine then I think you need to buy an infuser which is finer in quality and it's deep down, it's going to steep your tea very nicely."
Besides all these we also have a tea sock which you can use.
"JOE WILES: We're counting down our top 80 most downloaded internet guitar tabs and coming in at number 22 is ""Thunderstruck"" by AC/DC."
Let's take a look.
"4, open, 7, open, 4, open, 7, open, 4, open, 7, open, 4, open, 7, open."
"Now, we're going to move this two fingers up so we're doing 5 and 8 now."
"5, open, 8, open, 5, open, 8, open, 5, open, 8, open, 5, open, 8, open."
We'll just go back and forth between those two positions.
"Now if you're watching my right hand, I'm muting out the G string with my thumb and the high E string with another finger so that in case I hit it with my left hand, it doesn't ring out."
And slowly together they sound like this.
And you just repeat.
To speed it sound like this.
I hope you'll join us for our next segment which is our last segment in this video set.
"Now this is a really good hammer-on pull off exercise, okay?"
It's all going to occur on the B string--okay?
What we're going to do is we're going to hammer-on with our index finger to the 4th fret.
"We're going to pull it off--and up to the 8th fret--I'm sorry, the 7th fret."
"So, 4 to 7."
"Hammer-on, pull off, 7th fret, pull off, 4th, open, 7th, open."
I'll tell you that slowly with me.
There's a pretty large variety of tools available for trimming your cat's nails.
The trick is finding something that you're comfortable with and sticking with it.
"So a cat with a larger nail, you can actually get the whole nail in there, but still have good control so you're not cutting the nail too short."
And here's a larger brand of nail trimmers that you could use if you have cats and small dogs.
"This is a good all purpose nail trimmer that will trim a thicker, harder dog's nail as well as trimming your cats nail."
"And it actually has a little guard here that you can put in place, and a lock on it to keep it from getting damaged."
"This is called a guillotine type nail trimmer, a lot of people use these for cats and dogs too."
"And you can see how as you flex the handle, this blade comes up and trims the nail off."
A lot of people like these.
I find them difficult because I always cut the nails a little bit shorter than I was expecting to cut them.
Some people use regular human nail trimmers.
"I find them a little bit uncomfortable because they trim, you know our nails are flat and cats nails go sideways."
So I'm always having a little bit of trouble using them because I feel like I'm using them sideways.
But some people find them very effective.
"There are also these very small jawed nail trimmers, which are quite tiny and easy, very easy for some people to use."
"They're not personally my favorites, but I know a lot of people enjoy these."
These types of trimmers are my favorite.
They have a little bit of a wider jaw in them.
"So as I get ready to descend, the first thing on my mind is trying to decide how much harder gearing I need."
"Because this descent coming up I've ridden before and I know it's pretty short, and I start going uphill after it, I probably am only going to change gears in the rear."
"So, I'll shift down two or three gears for my climbing gear, just to have a little bit of extra purchase when I'm on the descents, to create some more speed, and take it from there."
"So, one, two, three, shifts, and boom, I'm there."
"If it was a considerably longer descent, where I knew I'd be descending for seven or eight minutes, I'd probably also take this now as an opportunity to shift into the bigger chain ring up front."
"Right side's the rear for both the brakes and the shifting, left side's the front, so I would shift myself into the harder chain ring up front."
"It's like, there's a two or three tooth difference between each cog in the back of your bike, there's a ten tooth difference in the front."
"So, depending on how much your speed is going to be changing, that's how you decide which gear to use."
"One nice thing about putting it into the bigger, harder gear up front is that it puts more tension on the chain, so it rattles around less when you're descending -- makes less of a clanking noise and everything like that as you can see here right now my bike is in the little chain ring, so there's a lot of potential for the chain flapping around, but as I put it into the larger chain ring, you'll see that there is considerably more tension on the chain."
"The chain's farther from the chain stays, less likely to slap around and everything like that, so you're more likely to have your chain when you get to the bottom of the descent, if you put it into a harder gear."
"Alright, continuing on about gossip, I ended the last clip by telling you 'don't do it.'"
"So you're saying to yourself well, how do I not do it?"
"Or you can just not be associated with the gossipers, and that may be the best choice of all."
How do I not gossip when everybody at work is gossiping?
"Or if I don't gossip, I won't be in the 'in' group."
"Well, everybody wants to be in the 'in' group, and I understand that, so the key to not gossiping is being diplomatic in your refusal to participate in the gossip, and you have several ways in which you can do this."
"If you are a pretty direct, bold person you can simply make a statement, ""I don't want to talk about them, they're not here to defend themselves."""
Okay?
"If you talk like that, you will get a reputation really quick, that, not to gossip around you, because you don't involve yourself in the gossip."
"Another thing that you can do if you want to try to stay with a certain group of people, or in an 'in' group, maybe you don't say to them, ""I don't want to talk about them, I don't want to gossip, they're not here to defend themselves,"" but perhaps you can continually change the subject."
"That's another option that is probably a little subtler than stating to whoever's gossiping that you don't want to talk about that person behind their back, but those are a couple of options."
In this clip I'd like to talk to you some more about some safety when you're wood turning.
It's very important for you to wear a dust mask because wood dust has been identified as a known carcinogen by the government.
"So when I'm turning and especially when I'm sanding, I want to wear a dust mask or something to keep me from breathing in those chips and the things that I can't see, which are the ones that will get into my lungs."
"I also make sure that I use a dust collector to collect the chips, and I try to get the dust collector hose as close to the material that I'm working on as possible so that everything goes into the dust collector and is filtered into the bag."
Another thing I always use when I'm working in the shop is this air filter.
And it helps clear what doesn't get picked up by the dust collector.
And I usually keep this running for quite a while after I get done to make sure that it circulates and cleans the air out.
Another thing that I like to use is a face shield respirator combo.
"This is a face shield that also has a respirator with it, and by wearing this, I don't have to wear this."
"What I have in my hands here now is a milk snake, this particular guy is part of the Colubridae family as all milk snakes are."
"There's two different types of snake, Boyd's and Colubridae's in the reptile family."
They get about four to six feet at adult size and like I said tend to be a little nervous but this guy's being very well behaved.
"Usually, they're kind of quick to poop on you when you handle them or to try to run away but this one is being very, very, nice today."
"Other things to note on Colubridae's, they don't have the heat pits like Boyd's do and pythons particular."
"There's that heat sensing apparatus isn't there, they don't sense heat as well."
There much more of a smelling snake with that tongue and the Jacobson's organ like we talked about before.
"The Colubridae's tend to be a thinner, faster, snake than the Boyd's are."
This one in particular is trying very hard to do some mimicry coloration and look a awful lot like a coral snake which is a highly venomous snake in the South America type region.
"The coral snake has a similar color and pattern, perhaps you've heard the rhyme ""red touches yellow kills a fellow, red touches black a venom lack""."
This is in response to the colors of the coral snake verses the milk snake.
"The coral snake's bands are red, yellow, black, as opposed to red, black, yellow, on this particular milk snake."
"Now again, any snake in the wild should be treated as a dangerous snake until properly identified."
"Some coral snakes don't follow that coloration rule so always be careful when you're ever handling a snake like this out of the wild but I know this is a milk snake, it's been a captive born snake."
"Usually, these guys are tend to be a little bit flighty though this one's being very, very, well behaved for me."
We are going to talk about the different products that make framing molding.
One of the things that they use as wood they use several different kinds of wood.
"When I say many years at least a hundred, if it is taking care of properly."
Mostly every wood out there.
It is hard to determine what each one is without really knowing your woods.
"This happens to be a piece of oak, it is very hard, it is very not, it is hard to destroy, it is hard to dent, it is hard to chip."
You can tell it is wood by looking at the edge of it here.
You can tell that it is wood by looking at the back of it.
"If you look at this one, you can tell this one is not wood and that this is."
"Wood is something that is going to give you a long life, a shelf life."
It is going to hang around for many years to come.
Hi in this segment we are going to talk about the staker throw.
It's a different type of throw.
It's very similar to the backhand but it is actually a little bit different grip.
So the staker throw you are actually going to throw it with just this part of your hand.
"You are going to come in and just pinch the Frisbee on the inside like this with the index finger and the thumb and you are going to hold the Frisbee flat and hold it under your chin and then release here, here."
So this is the grip and if I am going to toss it to Ryan I'd hold it in and that's the staker throw.
"You can also put some spin on the staker throw by holding it a little bit lower and snapping your wrist so this is a staker throw with spin and you can also throw that same release for distance, you can throw it a little bit farther with that release so that's the staker throw, give it a shot, it's a real easy throw to throw."
This advanced pilates exercise is called the hot potato so I want you to really think about your feet being really hot so you have got to bounce back and forth.
"Come on down to your side, rest your head on your arm, draw your belly in, naval to spine."
"Your hips are stacked one on top of the other, now lift your top leg and point your toes, lift your bottom leg up to meet your top leg and down."
"Now this is just getting used to the movement of lifting your leg up and down and then moving into hot potato, keep your leg up and take your leg in front and back, front, back."
"Now your top leg is still while the bottom leg moves forward and back, in front of the leg, behind the leg, and you are really going to feet your inner thighs work here."
"Your core is engaged, that top leg is stabilized and lengthen out through those toes and when you complete about 10 to 15 reps then switch and go to the other side and that is hot potato."
"Okay, the next defense drill we'll discuss is on the ball defense."
"When the ball is picked up by your defender, whether they're getting ready to pass or shoot it, what you want to do, as soon as the ball is picked up, you need to be all up on them, in their face."
And this is on the ball defense once the ball is picked up.
"So just remember from your stance position, as soon as the ball is picked up, you're here all up on them."
"Hands in the face, hands up, crowding the space."
Don't let them see anything or get a pass away or a shot away.
And this is proper on the ball defense when the ball is picked up by your opponent.
"Hands up, hands in the face to block their view from passing or shooting."
"And wherever they take the ball, one hand needs to be there."
"If the ball goes to their left side, put the hand by the ball and keep one hand in the face."
Same with the opposite side.
Keep one hand in the face and the ball here.
"So remember to be--crowd their space as much as possible as soon as they pick up the ball, so they can't move, they can't look, or anything."
And don't forget the distraction.
Because all that's good too.
Now we can lower the vehicle slightly so that the weight of the vehicle would be held by the jack stands and also by the jack.
"So very slowly, lower some of the weight off of the floor jack onto the jack stands and check it again."
"Okay, that looks good."
That looks not as good.
I'm going to raise it back up just a little bit and reposition this other floor jack.
"Okay, that looks good, that looks good."
So the floor jacks are now properly positioned under the frame members and the weight is being held by the jack stands but I also like to leave the floor jack in place also so that if something goes wrong I will not be crushed by the vehicle.
"If you're ever working on a car and you have a spare tire, many times it's good to put a spare tire just underneath the vehicle somewhat so that if the car does fall, at least it's not going to smash you flat."
"So anyway, we'll keep the jack in position and the two floor jacks are also in position for additional safety."
"Now there are some positives to impromptu speaking, so, a lot of times you even mention that impromptu word and a speaker or a person will panic."
"Impromptu is, in my opinion, the most difficult and the success of you as an impromptu speaker depends on your public speaking skills."
You don't have any notes; you don't have anything to hold so you can practice your gesturing.
You don't want to over-gesture or under-gesture.
Another positive thing is organizational skills.
"You have to work in the moment on your organizational skills, and good public speakers are very organized, but you don't have any notes to follow so you have to logically think as you go about how I want to present this."
What's the organizational pattern?
"Also, it's a good way to practice moving around."
"If I have no notes and I'm not limited to some kind of podium or any kind of restrictions, I can practice walking around."
So those are some of the benefits and good things that can come out of impromptu speaking.
"So, actually, as the more you do it and the more your practice your public speaking skills, the more successful you're going to be at impromptu speaking."
"But, impromptu speaking itself helps you practice a number of things that are really important for public speaking."
"First of all, eye contact."
"If I don't have any notes to look at, I don't have a script to read then I have no excuse, no reason not to work on my eye contact with my audience."
"Also, responding to feedback."
"I don't have any notes, I don't have any guidelines, I don't have any outline, I don't have anything, so I have to respond to feedback in the moment."
"You ask me the question, I think about it, I respond."
"Also, gesturing."
"As an example, we'll start off using the belt that's here on my jacket."
It's going to make the waist look smaller.
And also draw you eyes especially to that area with the shine and the silver.
"This is a belt that wouldn't necessarily fit in your belt loops, but you can wear it over sweaters, over dresses, and then on the outside of a pair of pants, possibly even a high waisted pair for this one."
Join us in the next segment; we are going to be talking about hats.
Buying a jacket that comes with a belt such as this is going to give the jacket a little bit more definition in the waist and is going to give you a little bit more of a figure.
The belt that we have here is pretty versatile; this one's going to work well with jeans.
"Or you might play around with it and put it over a dress...a red dress, a black dress, to give it a little bit of a waist definition."
It's going to draw the eye to that area of the body.
This is another pretty versatile belt here; it has a little extra accessory in the chain.
"When you wear something such as this, make sure that your accessories match it."
So this is going to set the tone for the rest of the jewelry that you are going to be wearing....you would want to stick with silver.
"Finally, we have kind of a fun belt; this one's a little bit bigger."
We're going to be beginning the italic capital letters.
"Now the italic capitals are based on a particular proportion scale, and I'd like to show you that."
So you'll need to have some paper.
I use gridded paper.
"You're going to need a straight edge, or a ruler, a pencil and some sort of writing instrument."
That's the letters are all eight pen widths tall.
I'm going to be working with a pen.
"I'm using a C1 size, which is an eighth of an inch."
"You can use either a dip pen, as I'm using, or you can use a marker pen."
"But the letters should be measured, and you should give yourself guidelines where I've made a stack of eight pen widths, and that's going to be the height of my letters."
"So if I make an italic B, it's going to fit into this space, just like that."
Hopefully with a little more ink in the pen.
So we're going to be starting there.
This is an improv icebreaker called pass the clap.
"Okay, insert your naughty joke here."
And if I was to start I'm going to make eye contact with someone in the circle and I'm going to clap at them.
"Thus, passing the clap."
"Once they get it, they're going to make eye contact with someone and they're going to clap at them."
And this clap is going to be whizzing around the circle.
"As with all improv games, one of the things we want to work on is pacing."
"The faster you go, the more challenging and exciting it will be."
That's where the risk is that's where the fun is.
"So, hopefully it's going really fast."
Passing back and forth.
Zoom zoom zoom around the circle.
"Alright, it's pass the clap."
If that gets a little boring then what you can do is you can start moving around the room and clapping at people as people are moving around and that can give a whole other kind of movement dynamic.
"The focus is for this game, is pacing and eye contact."
Making sure you really connect with people and deliver the clap right to them.
"So, that is a classic improv warm up called pass the clap."
"It's simple, it's classic."
It's so portable.
You can use it any time.
I learned it in one of my first improv classes and fifteen years later I am still doing it today.
Pass the clap.
"So, this just helps people get connected and really in the moment with each other, and how it works is you're going to get a group in a circle."
The classic improv formation.
Today we are going to talk about cooking the macrobiotic way.
"So this is the vegetable part of the meal and in macrobiotics we actually catorgorize vegetables into three groups we have the root vegetables, the ground vegetable and the leafy greens."
So this is root and ground vegetables here.
We have lewdest root is good for the lungs and large intestines that is organ pair and organ medicine.
"Here the root itself, here is cross section of it when it is sliced."
"We have deacon root which a root vegetable, its a root vegetable that is really good for flushing out fat and toxins."
It is a natural dietetics so its good for people who have water retention.
"This is fresh burdock root, burdock root cleanses and strengthening the blood and we use this a lot in our cooking."
"And then we varies other root vegetables and ground vegetables we have butter nuts squash, we have kobocha squash, we have rootabaga, we have fresh ginger root, we have cauliflower, broccoli and here they are all cut up and fresh Bach chow and baby Bach chow here they are all cut up."
"So in my hand is a fiber based print and when you look at this print and you see it, you're automatically like well, what's going on with it?"
It looks like it's ruined or damaged or something.
"Fiber based prints will curl up like this, exactly like this and this is perfectly normal."
So what you want to do when you have a print like this is a couple of different things.
"One: you could use a press, like I have right beside me which we're going to use in a few minutes, or you could actually flatten this print using, I've seen people use heavy encyclopedias, books, I've seen people also make a little contraption where they'll take wood and felt and just screw it down with some bolts, two pieces of wood."
I like using a press.
"These presses are fairly expensive, they can cost a couple hundred dollars but they're a vital part of a darkroom."
"Sometimes if you can find other friends who have a press, press is pretty important."
"The other thing, before you press your print you want to make sure that this print is totally dry."
Now a fiber based print can take up to twenty four hours to dry depending on the humidity of your darkroom so don't ever try to put a wet print in a press.
"We talked about what blood pressure is, and how blood pressure fits into the JNC guidelines."
"A little bit later we'll be talking about how to appropriately treat high blood pressure with diet and exercise, but first we want to talk about why you actually want to change your blood pressure; who really cares?"
What's the importance of it?
"We're going to use these models for an example, but basically, there are two reasons blood pressure is important."
"One is that the heart muscle is basically like a band, and when that band is continuously overstretched like this; just like a rubber band; eventually that stretch wears out."
"So the elasticity in the heart tissue wears out, and that's when you run into problems with things like congestive heart failure; where you no longer have the ability to pump blood to the rest of your body."
"This takes years to happen, and over time; it can happen with just slight elevations."
That is one of the reasons blood pressure is so important.
"Next, we're going to be talking about the other reason blood pressure is important, and that is it's role in arterial sclerosis."
This is rear facing only seat it is designed to put in the base and to dine where you install the base.
This part in the vehicle and this part is removable.
"This seat is used for convenience so that you can put this in your stroller, you can take in and out of the house, it is a good way to carry the baby in and out."
It is very important with new borns because they have to head and neck control they must be at the proper angle and that angle is defined by the seat manufacturers 45 degrees that keeps the head from flopping forward and shutting off the air way.
"Unfortunately vehicle seats are designed for adult passenger comfort so they usually have a pretty good seat slope which is getting that angle so what you need to do is the type of base that you are using they have a adjustment like this, this is a spring loaded foot to where you can composite for that seat slope."
This one actually has a built in level system as you can see it has a level for the proper position so you would be just positioning it with the foot raising to the point where the level on in this case it is between the two arrows.
Then you would install it and then when your seat is in the base your going to have that 45 degree angle and you don't have to worry about the infant head falling forward.
"With the sweat glands in your feet, there's approximately nine thousand in each foot."
"We discussed that you eliminate toxins from your sweat, from your breath and different areas."
We pour it down a drain.
We have a treatment that we use; an ionic charge which is a very slight regulated electronic charge through salt water and it helps pull out waste products from the sweat in your feet through the sweat glands.
"The different colors that are distributed in the water; there may be an amber color, it may be black, it may have a floating foam and these different colors and these different elements that appear in water which originally started out clear are waste products from your circulatory system."
Your blood goes through your feet every seven minutes so to think that it also helps clean your blood.
"We use this treatment on people that have foot pain, that have Planter Fasciitis and also have general aches and pains and it helps detoxify and helps them heal up quicker."
"The colors, the browns, the blacks and the foamy are products and waste products from the liver and from the circulation and the oxidized waste and waste from the lymph."
"So, as you'll notice on the water, you'll see the waste."
As the feet are in the water; the feet almost become invisible underneath the shroud of the waste products.
It's almost inconceivable that this much waste could be inside your body and you certainly wouldn't drink it.
So make sure you have a large clean towel nearby.
"After we shampoo and condition the hair, we want to make sure that the towel is large enough, that's it's going to be able to go under the hair, totally cover her head so you can towel dry her hair."
"If the towel is not large enough, obviously you won't be catching all the moisture and you're going to have a mess everywhere."
"A large enough towel, something that you have specified for, for hair color processing."
"Usually if you've colored your hair at home, you have specific towels that you use."
"But again, a large enough towel to make sure that you'll be able to cover your hair and do a wrap with your hair."
"Just make sure you have towel handy, nearby, for when the conditioner comes off."
"Basically all of them are powered by electric, and they have an on and off switch, and a foot pedal, of course."
"The other types of wheel there are is - this is called the kick wheel, and this is for obvious reasons."
This was one of my first wheels.
"You sit down on it, and you kick it as fast as you can."
"I like this wheel because, as you can see, it has a half circle, a little shelf here, and I can get all my tools out around here."
"It's easy to clean up - it's stainless steel, nothing rusts on it, and as you can see the wheel goes around and around, it will go around forever."
It has really nice ball bearings.
"Splash pans - it has a really nice, easy splash pan to take off and on."
"Danger part about these is that as the wheel's going, down here where you kick it, if you step on that, it will throw you for a loop!"
"So there are dangers - it's fun, but there are dangers, so you always want to stop your kick wheel before you get up and go."
"One important thing about this, is so you don't hurt yourself, is it operates just like a car."
"You press down to go - the wheel head goes faster, down to stop."
"Before you ever turn your wheel on, you always want to make sure that your heel is down before you turn it on."
"If it's not, if you have it on, and you have some things sitting on it, and you turn it on, a chair, a bucket, it will scare you."
Plus you might hurt yourself.
So always make sure that the heel is down before you turn it on.
They all have an on and off switch.
"Now some potters wheel features, if you're left handed, the potters wheel actually goes clockwise, okay?"
Well a lot of people dont say this is an intermediate technique I kind of think it is thats why were putting it here.
This is how youre going to start doing some of the more detailed one balloon stuff and this is a pinch twist as a valuable tool for adding like sort of angles on balloons.
"Im going to show you how to do it, basically what a pinch twist is its a really, really small loop or fold twist, so you would take a bubble and you want to pinch it like this and twist the base of it together like that so it really makes like tiny little loop twist or fold twist, you can add these together and that would make you like a different style of animal ears, like you can put that on a cat, these are the ears that I put on a stegosaurus sometimes and if youre working with the balloon and you want to put an angle in it you can make a small bubble and put a pinch twist on it and that kind of gives it an angle."
"So if sometimes if youre making a character and you want to give it like an elbow or a knee this is a pinch twist and thats how you do it, so were going to do more with this later, thats a very valuable tool thats something you should learn is a pinch twist."
"Hi I'm Laura Pace I'm here at Asel Art Supply today, I'm going to give you a lesson on how to draw hair with a pencil."
I used a pretty soft pencil to do this drawing.
You'll also notice that I left a line right here to show the part in her hair where you can see her very light colored skin in contrast to her dark hair.
"And then the last thing I did is I left some individual hairs showing on the ends of her hair, some detail to give you an idea of the texture of her hair."
"Next I drew a girl with very light colored hair so when you are drawing with blond or white hair, you might even want to draw a shadow shape behind or around the head to give the edge of the hair some definition."
"We are going to kind of do the opposite of what we did on this girl with the dark hair here, because the line work on this hair is in the shadow areas."
She has kind of wavy hair so I went in and drew some individual parallel lines in the areas where there is shadows on her hair.
And I also drew some shadows around her face so that you can see that the mass of her hair is casting a shadow on to the edge of her face.
The darker shadows in this hair are going to be on these rounded shapes at the bottom.
Because they are receiving the least light from overhead.
"The third drawing of hair is for a person with kinky hair, hair that's finely textured but very coarsely curled."
You can see on here like this you don't get a lot of contrast between light and dark.
This is a three B which makes a really soft black line.
"So I drew in a mass area of very dark, that's just kind of a shape."
It doesn't have a lot of detail to it.
And you can also see that there's a cast shadow here around his forehead where the edge of his hair kind of makes a change in direction.
"On the top of the hair where the light hits, there's a little suggestion of texture here which I did by making spiral lines with my pencil and the outside edge of this hair have a tiny detail of rounded lines."
Instead of just being a straight line I wanted to show the kinky texture of his hair by drawing rounded lines.
So that's what I have to tell you about drawing hair.
I suggest you get some photographs and look at people in make observations.
Practice drawing hair then you'll get good at it.
First thing we need to talk about when drawing hair is you need to have an idea of the shape of the skull.
Depending on how the person's face is turned because the hair really wraps around the skull.
We want to draw the hair as masses of form rather then trying to draw individual hair.
Individual hair drawing is pretty tedious and it really doesn't give you a good idea of what you are seeing when you look at a person's hair.
So the first drawing I did here is a girl with very dark hair.
And I have some mass areas that I made here that I just completely blacked in with my dark pencil.
But you can also see I left some highlight light areas to show that she has kind of a sheen to her very dark straight hair.
"Hi, my name is Rachel and I'm the owner of a austinstylewatch.com, street fashion site, and I'm also a freelance reporter."
Today we're going to talk about how to tell real leather from fake leather.
"With a fake leather it's more like a printed pattern and you're not going to see any pores and you're not going to see any of the natural leather imperfections, you're just going to sort of see a perfect leather-printed pattern."
The next step we're going to look at is if there's any cut edges.
"On leather it should be rough, on fake leather it should be a very clean cut."
"So this is fake, this is real."
"So on this we can kind of look on the inside of this boot, right up here around the corner where it's not exactly very neat, it's kind of got wrinkles and roughness, it's not a totally clean cut, it's leather, it's piecey a little bit."
"Things like this boot, the leather cuts are really just as clean as if they were plastic, and that's how you can tell, not real leather."
"So, this has been ""How You Can Tell the Real Leather From the Fake Leather""."
"So the first tip we're going to do, and this seems really easy and it's actually not always possible, but just look at the label, see if it says ""leather""."
For things like boots a lot of times you'll find it right here on the sole.
"For newer boots you'll find it inside, usually on a tag sometimes like that one, or you might also find it on the bottom on a sole."
"So if it doesn't say ""Leather"" on it, ""100 Percent Leather"", sometimes it might say ""Leather Uppers"" which would mean the top's leather, not the sole, that way you'll know it's leather."
"So these are both vintage, these are old, they don't have those labels anymore, so let's take the next step."
"Now this one kind of grosses me out a little bit but it's a great way to tell whether it's really leather or not, and that's take a really close look a the skin and looks for pores."
"And these are just like the pores that you see in our skin, the little holes that are in your skin that let it breathe, just like us cows and all the other animals you might make leather out of have pores in their skin."
"So if you look really closely at the leather you should see just kind of natural imperfections of pores, wrinkles, things that have happened in the tanning process."
"Hi, on behalf of Expert Villlage.com I'm Shelly here at AA Callister in Salt Lake City, Utah."
Today we are talking about how to purchase a winter horse blanket.
Now you're going to need more insulation if you have a colder barn or if your horse is turned out and less insulation if you horse is in a warm barn.
Or maybe if your horse has been body clipped you're going to need something that has more insulation value.
Whereas if you don't care if he has a longer coat you can have something with less insulation value.
Also you're want to keep that mind when you're choosing a blanket because a blanket in the spring and the fall doesn't need to have quite as much insulation as one you're going to use in the winter because that's what?s going to keep your horse warm.
That's what?s in the middle of the blanket.
So the insulation value is what you are going to want to consider when you choose a winter horse blanket.
One of the things you want to consider on a winter horse blanket is the insulation value.
Each blanket is going to have its own insulation value and that?s what keeps the horse warm.
So you're going to choose something that is measured in ounces or grams.
It will state on the blanket what it is.
So many ounces or so many grams.
"Say for instance, 8 ounces is about equivalent to 220 grams of insulation."
Just so you have something to compare against.
That's what?s going to keep your horse warm.
"Hi, I'm Greg Lawrence, with Lake Lessons, and I'm here to show you how to jump on a wakeboard."
"First of all, there's several concepts you need to understand."
"As you get better with that One Wake Jump, you're going to want to add more and more edge."
"Now, that's an important point."
"As you'll see here, Ross is using a progressive edge, as he edges into the wake."
"That progressive edge means he starts very easy at the beginning, and he continues to add edge, so that he's on his most aggressive edge, as he goes up through the top of the wake, harnessing all the power of the water, rushing underneath the board, at twenty plus miles an hour."
"I'm Greg Lawrence, and that's how you jump on a wakeboard."
"When jumping a wakeboard, it's not done mostly by bending your legs, and jumping as you would, a jump shot."
It's actually done by the edge of the board.
"You want to use the edge of your board for your power, all the way up the wake, and then, while slightly pulling the handle in off the top of the wake, to keep your momentum going forward with the boat."
"You want to extend your legs slightly for pressure, so it's not like a jump shot, in which you would push down with your toes."
"In fact, you want to push with your heels only."
"In the air, you want to remain as calm as possible, and you want to land, while crushing your knees, just like there."
"Now, when you're first starting to learn how to do a jump, you only want to take a small cut outside the wake, and do a small controlled cut, all the way up through the wake, a One Wake Jump."
"This is going to get you used to not only releasing from the wake correctly, but also landing, and cushioning your landing."
In this clip not only are we going to add fancy foot work but we're going to show what we do with our hands at the same time.
It requires coordination.
"One, two, three, it's a fist."
"One, two, three, one, two, three, one, two, three, one, two, three, one, two, three."
It takes time with African dance.
"If you don't get it automatically, that's okay."
It isn't something that just happens over night.
It takes a lot of practice and years of instruction abd just sticking with it.
"So, the last clip, two, three, one, two, three."
So we're going to go up.
"When we lift on our left foot, one, two, three, one, two, three, one, two, three, one, two, three, one, two, three."
"One, two, three, lift, one, two, three, lift your hands."
The next thing I am going to show you is called a step touch.
You can do the step touch to the front to the side and to the back.
"Step, touch."
"Step, touch."
Step touch this is step touch forward and to forward.
"Forward, forward, forward, forward and next we're going step touch the side."
"So just step touch and when we put our foot down you just want to put a little pressure in to it so step, touch, step, touch, step, touch, step, touch this is step touch to the side and now we're going to bring it back."
Back with the left leg and we touch we're just going to put a little pressure into the foot and down.
"Step back pressure into the foot and back and bring it back touch, touch, touch bring it forward touch, touch, touch, touch out to the side touch, touch, touch, touch and back."
"Three, four, five, six, seven and eight step touch."
We're going to start in the front.
Make sure you're in good posture.
What you want to do is make sure your knees are bent.
Chest is lifted we're going to bring one foot forward and touch.
When you touch just put a little weight into it.
"Step, touch put a little weight into it and your hips going to come forward."
"So again when you come forward step, touch."
Just put a little weight into it when you touch.
"So, in order to cut your string or wire, you're going to need cutting utensils."
"With stretchy cord, you can use scissors or wire cutters."
They're too delicate.
"So you want to get a more heavy-duty wire cutter, because it's a lot thicker."
"And you can get all these at the hardware store, by the way, or bead shop, anything like that."
"The tiger tail, do not use scissors."
You will ruin your scissors.
And you can use any of these type of wire cutters for tiger tail.
It's very easy to cut with wire cutters.
Do not use scissors.
"With memory wire, it's way thicker."
"So you don't want to use really delicate wire cutters, because you'll put little nicks in them."
We have already spoke about contacting the insurance company the insurance company is going go send you whatever you pay for that sit.
You can get the same sit if the baby would still fit that sit or the child fits that sit if now you can use the money to buy the next sit up.
The important thing is to make sure that this sit is not reused and doing that we want you to cut out the hardness straps.
"If your getting the same sit you like the fabric you can reuse the fabric but please destroy the hardness straps, try to destroy the sit as best as possible and we also ask that you get a sharpie and mark the sit in crash do not use."
Cause unfortunately these sits are fished out of trash and reused all the time.
"Now in this segment we're going to learn what the zoom control is, what the focus control is, and how to use them both."
Now the zoom control is right over here.
"Now if you go to the left it moves it out, just like with the zoom."
If you go to the right it moves it in.
"And once you have perfect focus, which really you have to look at with your eye, there's no button or sensor saying that's focused."
"You have to look at it with your eye, and you can tell because it's going to be a really sharp image."
"Then from there you zoom out, and you set your shot, and then you get ready to go."
Now you always want to make sure you focus on a subjects eyes if you're doing a human.
"That way because obviously the face is going to the subject of the shot, that way you have absolute focus on there."
"Now there are some guys out there that may want to focus on other parts of the body, but that's not the correct way to do it."
"All it is really is a not really a trigger, but if you've every played with a remote control cars with the little wheel on it to steer them, that's kind of how it is."
"You want to take it like this, it does have nice little grooves for your fingers to go in, and you always want to use your thumb while controlling it."
That way it's you do have a little more control with your thumb than you can think of.
Now to zoom in you push to the right hand side.
To zoom out you push to the left hand side.
"Now when you're zooming you always want to make it smooth if it's on air, if it's not go right ahead and zoom in fast, zoom out fast, which ever you want to do."
"And then with your focus what you want to do to get proper focus on a subject, is you want to zoom in all the way to that subject, and with your focus you want to either take your focus inward or outward."
Which is actually moving the lens inside inward or outward.
"Hi, my name is Keith Fitzpatrick with Hip Hop For Kids and we are going to go over Break It Down."
So a really easy step and this is another little toe step like we have been doing with some of the other ones but with this one you are going to have a little bit more bounce in your upper body.
"So with this one you are going to start forward, you'll come forward, you bring your foot up, you bring it down, then you'll bring this one up and you'll bring it down, so you'll come boom, here, boom, here, boom, here."
"So again, you are here, boom, here, boom, here, boom, here, boom up."
"So as opposed to the other ones when you were doing this, but with this you are using upper body, you are bouncing that way you want to bounce boom, up, boom, here, boom here so with that last one you can turn up and you want to turn your body this way and start over again or you can bring your body this way and change your direction so you can just go here up down, up, here, up, down, up, change, boom, boom, here, boom, here down, up and then you can just come back that way and change the direction but every time you are doing it you want to really look like you're breaking it down and that's your break it down."
"You're at a restaurant, you've just finished eating dinner, the bill arrives, you reach for your wallet and oh-oh, your credit cards are missing."
"Hello, I'm Robert Todd and I'm here to answer the question, how do I report the loss of credit cards and fraud?"
Well first thing you want to do is you want to be sure and notify immediately the issuer of each credit card.
"Generally, this information was provided you when you were sent the credit card."
"It's not usually on the credit card, it wouldn't do any much good if it was if you're missing the credit card."
"So it's probably advisable when you are issued a credit card to put in a safe place the identity of the issuer of the credit cards that you have that available if and when, your credit card show up missing."
The next thing you want to do is if you suspect fraud is to notify the Federal Trade Commission or the FTC.
They have a website at www.ftc.gov and a toll free no. 1-877-FTCHELP. I'm Robert Todd and thank your for watching.
There are many different variations of snake arms.
"They go from absolutely large, huge slow snake arms to a little bit smaller."
"Now, the beautiful part of this move is in the transition from here to here."
So you want to make sure your elbow is coming up and then you?re rolling down here.
"Now watch the hand, make sure the hand doesn't fly around."
"Our palm is facing in and then the palm is facing out, as if your brush your fingertips along the wall."
"Up and down, and you want to drill with both arms."
"Up and down, again elbow, wrist, elbow, wrist."
"Elbow, wrist, when you add both arms together that's the tricky part."
So you want to drill each arm separately before adding them together.
"One, two, switch, three."
Practice in front of a mirror so you can really watch yourself and make sure your doing them correctly.
We are going to go over a low snake arm.
Sometimes the upper movements will hurt your shoulder so you want to make sure that you are not bothering your shoulder in this movement.
You can also refer to our arm drills to help to train your body for this movement as well.
So we are going to start with our elbow.
The elbow is going to lift up and the wrist is going to lift up.
Then the elbow is going to drop.
Then the wrist is going to drop.
"The elbow is going to go up, wrist up, elbow drop, wrist drop."
"Hi, this is Jon and in this clip we will be installing our door sweep."
"If we take a look at the very bottom of our door, we have a fairly significant gap where wind and air, or even bugs could get in."
"To remedy this, our door has come with a sweep and a rubber gasket for that sweep so that we can form a nice, tight seal on the bottom; so no air or bugs or anything can get in."
The first thing we need to do is feed our rubber gasket into the channel on our door sweep and we're just going to fit it all the way down.
Then we're just going to trim off the extra.
"After that, we're just going to take our door sweep and our door and we're just going to snap that in place at the bottom."
Now our door sweep does adjust up and down depending on how much gap you need to fill.
So what you need to do is close your door and set your gap correctly and then put in your screws.
"And of course when you're done, you will want to double check the fit of your door sweep."
The next step we have here is to find a bucket.
This is a professional window washing bucket.
It works great because you can have a long sponge and stick it in there without having a whole lot of water in the bucket.
That is why they are elongated like that.
"Second if you are just doing this around the house and you want something to use, I just got this from Home Depot, any old bucket will do."
"The problem you find with some of these buckets if you are trying to get your sponge wet, sometimes you have to stick it in one side and dip it in the other and that is why these other buckets are handy."
And this bucket I have is what I keep my equipment in.
You an pick this up at a cleaning supply store for $15 to $20.
It has a spot for your sponge and a spot for your squeegee and you can put two or three different size squeegees in there.
"If you are going to be doing this full time professionally, you definitely want to invest in something like this."
"Alright, welcome back. I'm Bobby Larew, your expert on diving. We're in the hurdle phase of our front approach, OK. We've done the approach, now we're in the hurdle phase."
"My back leg, OK, it's a little tricky, is going to come up in to a 90 degree position, OK, or a backwards L, OK."
"So, in my hurdle, my right leg, which is my take off leg, is pushing in to the board getting ready to jump."
"My left leg is coming up to a 90 degree angle, OK."
"Remember my foot is tucked against my other knee, alright."
"Now, if you're take off leg is your left leg, I'll do it on the other side so you don't get confused, OK. My left leg is take off."
"My left leg and my feet are pushing in to board to get power, to make the board bend."
"My right leg is going to come up, still a 90 degree angle."
"It's going to look like an L, OK."
"Remember, you're right foot now is tucked in to your left knee."
That's what happens on your legs in the hurdle part of diving.
"Here's what we just talked about, pointing the feet ant the toes."
Now we'll talk about your legs.
"This is a really tricky part, OK."
So I want to walk through both legs.
Remember my take off leg is my right leg.
"So when I'm in my last step, my fifth step, I'm going to put my weight on to this leg because the more weight and power and push I get on this leg, the farther the board will go down, OK."
So I'm pushing the board down with this leg.
The next brush we are going to discuss is a powder brush.
"I'm going to use loose powder today, so I have this loose powder brush."
"Again, tap, work up toward the hair line."
You always want to work your way toward the hair line.
This is a translucent powder so it's going to give a really light finish and you don't necessarily have to be perfect with it.
I know this is a unique brush.
Everyone might have something closer to this at their house.
You would use it the same way.
Just swirl it in the powder.
You might have to tap it off a little bit because you can see how it gets deposits of more powder whereas this one gets an equal share of powder through the whole brush.
I call this my Don King brush.
It's very soft and it's a combination of synthetic and natural hair.
This is a great brush for powder because it keeps everything loose without giving it a cakey feel.
"Like I said, I'm using a loose powder today, so I want to start by taking some of the powder and pouring it into the cap."
That's good.
I'm going to lightly tap the brush into the powder.
Tap off some of the excess and just lightly go over the entire face.
"Under the eye where we just concealed, working my way down and out."
I would like to show you a couple of examples real quick of a good corner and a bad corner.
A good corner would be when the two edges meet and they line up and they are nice and straight and flush.
It is kind of like screwing your screw in too far.
"We really try to avoid that and we try and get all our corners perfect but once in a while when one does happen, if we can still make it look perfect and it will work out then sometimes we just go ahead with it."
This right here would be an example of a good corner.
Now I'm going to demonstrate to you what a bad corner would look like.
This right here would be a bad corner and the reason it would be a bad corner is because both drywalls from both sides of here do not meet up straight inside here and since it did that there is no meat for this to grab on to right here and it just makes it harder for it to set in place.
"Now as long as it is straight which is it, when we installed it we made sure that the corner bead did go on straight."
It is still alright.
Although it would be better if the drywall ran underneath this.
Now the reason this happened is probably a sheet was cut and put into place and it was just accidentally cut wrong which happens.
So we try to avoid that.
Today we're going to talk about the interview process.
"If you're going in for an interview, make that interviewer the most important person at that time."
"The best way to do that is to leave your cell phone in your car that's in the parking lot, because there is nothing as important as that interview when you're there."
Nothing.
You can always get voicemail.
That's why they have them.
"Turn your phone off, leave it in your car."
"When you go in, be focused and ready to go for the interview."
The other thing that you need to think about when you're into the interview process is your cell phone.
"Today, so many of us have got cell phones and they're part of our hip."
They're in our pockets; they're in our purses.
They're everywhere in our life.
We use them all the time.
"They're ringing, they're buzzing, they're going off at all times."
"Kiss of death in an interview is that if you dont care enough to turn your phone, I probably don't care enough to hire you."
My thinking is and has always been and the people that I have discussed this with have always said the same thing.
"So this super complicated dial, knob, over hear."
"So, the way to break this one down, so you've got normal, you've got permanent press, you've got short, and you've got prewash, and then you've got all this other regular what not."
"And then you pop it on, and it's going to go through it's whole cycle and will take like, probably a half hour, whatever."
"And then it goes through, like it fills up with the water, and then it rinses it, and then it spins and gets all the water out, and then it gets to the off."
"Then from there, like permanent press, short, and pre-wash, I honestly don't use that much."
"So, if you want to know about those you're going to have to call the whirlpool association."
"Basically, the only one I've ever used in my life is the normal one over here."
Because it's normal and I'm normal I guess.
"You've got, and what's cook about the normal is it breaks it down super simple."
"Because normal one is like, alright so we take this knob, and I turn it over to, I find my normal, I've got am heavy?"
Am I regular?
"Or am, it's just like fourteen, ten, or six."
"So heavy, regular, and whatnot."
"And, what's great about normal is you just go, ""Well, I don't really care, so I'm going to go normal, regular."""
"Hi, my name is Lauren and today, I'm going to discuss hair drying tips."
"After you get out of the shower, you're, and you wring out most of the moisture from your hair, you're going to take your damp hair, you're going to place a little product in it."
"You are going to do this all throughout your entire head, in order to promote volume and get the shape that you want on your hair."
"Once your hair is about eighty percent dry, that's when it'll really start taking shape."
I recommend maybe use a clip.
"Clip the hair, section some of the others out of the way."
"Get a round brush, if that you want to tri...curl it under."
"It can either be, it should be ceramic based in order to kind of heat up the ceramic."
"You're going to roll it in, almost as if it was a curler."
You're going to heat up the ceramic with the hot air and then you're going to use the cool button.
The cool button is going to set in the style that you are looking to have.
"So if you were looking to roll it under, it will actually help your hair stay there."
"Emulsify the product really well within your hands, go through the ends of your hair first, and then work your way towards the root in order to prevent putting too much product, and give, giving your hair more of a greasier look."
So you're just going to pull your hair out.
Release the brush when it's done and it should bevel under.
You will do this for the rest of your hair.
"As long as you dry about eighty percent beforehand, you will be fine and it will cut down on your drying time and it'll make it a lot quicker and a lot more effective."
And that is tips on drying your hair.
"If you're in trying to keep volume, what you're going to do is put a root lifter, if you have one, and then you can just spray that."
"That's the only product that will goes essentially, only by the root."
"Once you've done and placed your product in, you are actually going to lift your hair and direct your hair to where you want it to go."
"Your hair, because of your own natural body heat, will dry by the root quicker."
"So, rather than section it when it's very wet and getting, starting from the bottom and working your way up, you're not going to achieve the volume that you may want on the top."
"You're going to lift your hair in smaller sections, using your hands."
Focus your blow dryer onto your root and work your way onto your root and work your way up from your root to your mid-shafts.
"Leave your fingers on the inside of the tape and pull it snug, but you're going to have a little bit of a gap because of the fingers in there."
You really want the shirt to be about an inch bigger than what your neck is so that you'll be comfortable.
"The third option would be just to find a dress shirt in the closet that fits nice, usually in the back of the neck will have the size of the shirt and in those cases just write down whatever that shirt size is and that'll work fine."
"So, three ways -- all of them should work fine if you take your time and do it right, but leave a little bit of a gap."
Right now we're going to show you the proper way to measure for a neck measurement on for your shirt.
Last thing you want is a tight shirt that's going to make you choke all night.
You're going to be uncomfortable already so we want you to be as comfortable as possible.
"There are three basic shirt types: there are wing-tip collars and there's the lay down collar, mandarin collar."
Same thing is in common with all of them though; they all take the same type of measuring to determine the neck size.
"So, you do that is you go right around the neck above the shirt -- there's actually about three way you can do this -- but pull it tight and then whatever measurement you get add an inch to that."
And that's how I do it most of the time.
But there's another way to do it is you can go around the neck.
I just wanted to show you quickly about this black bean.
It is a great dinner for tonight.
"This is a hard black bean, it has not been cooked, it is really quiet small compared to the pinto bean."
That is one of the reasons why it cooks so quickly is that it is much much smaller.
Today we are cooking this black bean in a pressure cooker.
I have just done a quick soak with it.
We have emptied all the water out and put the bean that we just cooked for 2 minutes and we went ahead and put it back in the pressure cooker with 6 cups of water.
"We are going to go ahead and bring it up to 15 pounds of pressure, cook it for about 10 minutes."
Just let it sit there on the stove without the burner on or anything for about 10 minutes.
These would be done and I really hope that you would be motivated to run out and make some black bean salsa it so good.
Today we're going to talk a little about iron stone I just want to give a overview about iron stone you'll find many pieces from the 19th century and the 18th century.
This is very typical iron stone piece right here is just a blank white iron stone it comes in a you'll find it they use this type of iron stone in 19th century and we've talked a little bit about in different series.
About iron stone the base for iron stone in flow blue they used a typical base like this it's a heavy weight iron stone.
You'll see it in flow blue in what we showed you in mulberry which is an iron stone base like this a heavy piece.
You'll see it in a light blue which we also showed you in the series and most of the transfer ware you'll find earlier in mid 19th century is a heavy weight like this.
So this is what we're talking about here and I'm going to show you a number of different examples not necessarily this plain white iron stone but different iron stones that are English and American.
Why do we practice?
"Consistency is gripping it the same, having good towards, aiming it the same, and making the same 2 good parts of the swing."
The good back swing and a good forward swing.
You control the distance by how far you take your hands and the club back and how fast you swing your arms on a forward swing.
"One controls the arch, the other one controls the club head speed."
All you need is one consistent swing.
Does this sound simple?
"Well let me tell you something, it is simple."
Its called the kiss method.
Why do we work on our game?
Keep it simple stupid.
Why?
Because the physical part of the game is not the hard part.
Golf is a brain game.
You have to think the ball around the course.
Look at all the mini middle obstacles you have to overcome.
Imagine 50 people watching you tee off on the first tee.
"Now, imagine Tiger Woods with about 2,000."
"Imagine 2,000 people watching you put a 3 footer in the last hole to win the U.S. Open."
How about your 4 buddies hoping you miss it so they dont lose all their money.
Why do we do all the things we do?
"That out of bounds to the right, that lake to left, those 4 bunkers; theyre all mental obstacles."
"If you keep it simple, develop one really good response."
"I promise you, you can overcome those obstacles."
"Well in essence, what we want to do is create one consistent response."
"If we can learn to do one thing really well, we get pretty good at it."
"In golf, all you need is one good swing."
"It works on your putting, your chipping, your pitching, and even your driver."
"In essence, your hands and the clubs start it back, your arms swing the club at your target."
"Your hands and your clubs swing it back. Your arms swing youre the club at your target. On a full swing, the hands and club start it back and your arms swing the club at the target."
"Hi, this is Liz Muller from Liz Hair Design in Hollywood, Florida."
In this clip I'm going to show you how to make a pony tail.
You've got yourself a medium sized cute pony tail.
"Look how nice her hair is, it's fluffy. You see, now that's me, that's right in the middle. It can go up here in the middle of the head, it can go even lower than that, OK. Business women wear theirs a little low sometimes, all the way down here."
"This is is Liz Muller, and this is how to make a pony tail."
"We have nice, pretty hair here."
We're going to go ahead and brush it and make it nice and soft and easy to manage when we do the pony tail.
"Now, depends on how you want to wear your pony tail."
"If you want to wear the pony tail high, you come up high like this, and it's really great for the young people, they usually love to wear their pony tail's high, especially young girls, high school girls, and cheerleader's, and all that stuff."
"They usually wear the pony tail's real, real high."
"You want to take it and brush it, make it neat."
This is actually in the middle of the head.
"You can take it and put it in there like that, little band for the hair."
"First of all, new oil."
"First and foremost, when you make biodiesel, both will make biodiesel but new vegetable oil is always going to be easier to make."
"Notice how much clear--let's get a shot of that, how clear that is."
This is waste vegetable oil.
This is oil that came from a restaurant.
"Kinda gross, kinda nasty, kinda smells like it."
But we can still make biodiesel from it.
"However, the gel point of the biodiesel made from the new oil is a little bit high--lower than biodiesel made from used oil."
"So, you can make it from either one, it depends on what your pocket book is like."
I recommend you use vegetable oil.
"If I was to walk into Wal-Mart and buy new oil such as canola or corn oil or different things, there's one problem."
"It's really, really, really expensive."
"In fact, for a gallon of canola oil, we're running almost $4.25 a gallon."
I don't know about you but that's a little bit more than diesel fuel right now.
"However, it makes great biodiesel and in fact, most of the commercial biodiesel made in the United States today is made from new oil."
"Used oil, cheap, cheap, cheap."
"However, you've got to go out and collect it instead of driving to the store and getting it."
"Now, I want to show you what the difference looks like."
"In this clip, all we're doing is simply putting the kite away."
"We just went out on the water, had a sick session, great day."
I will never put them away if they are sandy.
"And, if they are wet when I get home, I make sure I let them out to dry."
"Really important is, if your kite is wet with salt water, it's not necessarily the worst thing in the world, these kites are made to be wet, obviously, you use them in the water all the time, but salt water actually doesn't mould."
That's the big thing about it.
"So, if it's wet with salt water, you can put it away and that's alright."
"But if it rains on it or you're kiting somewhere in the Great Lakes or somewhere where it's just fresh water, make sure when you put the kite away, you're putting away a dry kite."
"Because the next time you open your bag and pull out your kite, all of a sudden, you're going to find all this nasty mould wrapped around the entire thing."
"I reach forward, grab my bar and I'm going to sort of reel up this last little bit of excess line and then just, you know, anyway I can, just kind of hitch it off, tuck it through, and make sure this excess sort of little ends right here."
"But, basically, we want to make sure that we are going to put this kite away in a fashion that's going to promote us going out and doing that again real nice and easy next time."
"So, just to keep good bridle maintenance here and make sure nothing's getting too twisted, I'm going to detach these lines and I'm going to reattach the bridles to each other."
"That way, one bridle can't get intertwined within itself and I know everything is just going to be exactly the way I left it next time I pull this kite out."
"So, I go ahead, I detach those lines and just attach these two bridles just to each other like that."
"Go over here to this other one, do the same thing."
"And, if you look at the kite, you can see that this kite has a good amount of sand on it."
I use my kite everyday it's windy and I need to make sure that these kites are always in proper working order.
"So, in order to, you know, really assure that and make sure, you know, that it's absolutely up to par every time I need it to be, I keep absolutely perfect care of my kites."
We saw how the plus sign works in our Google search.
"So, therefore, I am going to get a more specific search and a much more specific results to exactly what I'm looking for."
"Now, let's see how the minus sign works."
The minus sign will tell Google not to include a particular search term in its search.
"For instance, this comes in handy let's say when we are doing a search for techincal information."
"Let's put in ""clean mini disk"" and we do a search that we end up getting a lot of results from merchants offering to sell us either some type of mini disks or cleaning kits and that's not what I'm really looking for."
I am looking for technical information on how to actually clean the mini disk.
"So, what I want to do is in my search, I am going to limit my search to just the words ""clean mini disk."""
"I am going to put a minus sign next to the word ""merchant."""
"Now when Google does the search, it is going not look for any items any pages that have the word ""merchant"" it's not going to return those pages in my results."
"If you own a Windows computer, I'm sure at some point or another, it's frozen up on you and you have to shut it off."
"Hi, I'm Charles Stewart Jr. and I'm going to tell you what to do if your computer freezes up and you need to shut it off."
"Now if you hit the power button on the computer and still nothing happens, that means the computer's really locked up and there's not much you can do from that point on other than to disconnect the power."
"A lot of computers on the back will have a, sort of like a breaker where you see the power cord beat plugged into the back of the computer."
Basically you'll reach back there and flip the button.
There should be an on and off switch.
"Flip that, it's like flipping a breaker in your house."
It'll shut off the computer.
"Granted, it's not the best way to do it."
"It's not good to shut your computer off like that, but again if it's frozen there's really not much you can do if after you've tried the control, alt, delete method."
"If your computer does not have a switch on the back, sometimes manufacture computers like a Dell or an HP may not have that switch."
Then the only thing to do would be to unplug the power cord.
"First thing you can do is, if your computer freezes up, try hitting control, alt, delete."
Most of the times you can unplug the cord from the back of the computer.
So just unplug that and the computer should obviously shut off because there's no power.
"And then plug it back in and then you can leave it shut off, but the best thing to do is to restart it from there."
"And then just to make sure every thing's o.k., and then shut it down the way it's supposed to be shut down from there."
"And if you, you know, plug it back in and turn it on, and it's still frozen up then there's probably a good chance that there's some kind of virus or some corruption with your operating system, possibly even your logic board or your hard drive is messed up."
"So, then you would need to take it to a computer professional to take a look at it from there."
But that should fix it in most situations.
"It's kind of like a, you know, the best way to, it's like an override sequence you can use."
"Once you hit control, alt, delete, sometimes that alone will just unfreeze the computer."
But what it'll do is it'll bring up a window on your computer that brings up the Task Manager.
"And when that comes up, sometimes the program you're running has caused your computer to freeze up."
"So, it'll show you what programs are running and you can just highlight one and say, end task, and it'll kill the program that's running."
And that might unfreeze your computer and allow you to shut it down normally.
"But, if you've tried that and control, alt, delete did nothing, then the next step to do would be to actually go over and hit the power button on the computer."
"Today's topic is how to choose the right tire, for winter driving."
"Most cars come with a tire, that look like this."
"Maybe even one that has the holes in it, where they put studs in the tire, for ice."
"If you don't do much highway driving, or areas where there's not so much snow, an all terrain tire is probably the best."
"If you're in an area where there's a lot of snow, you might want to put the very aggressive tire on, which are more aggressive, and more aggressive, and this one isn't that very aggressive, but it's a different type of tread."
"Your dealers, most people who sell tires, can find out the proper tire for your car, according to your driving conditions."
Ask questions.
"Don't be ever afraid to ask a question of how you drive, and let them know how you drive and where you drive."
"This will give you the proper way to get the right tire, for your car."
"They have just a nice tread on them, and not very much aggressiveness."
This tire has a little more aggressive tread on it.
"It's better for winter driving, and there are tires with more aggressive tread than this."
"The way to choose the proper one, is to figure out where you are driving from."
Do you drive in town only?
Are the streets plowed very well?
Do you have a lot of snow?
"If you're in a place where there's a lot of snow, you'll want a very aggressive tire."
Bras are bras.
As much as you might want to have some innovative design it is ultimately a bra.
It's a sports bra with a dip.
A cross between a sports bra and then a regular bra bra.
But it's all one piece.
So you start out with your shoulder straps.
Figure out what width you want them and where you want them.
And since it's all one piece you have and actual neckline.
The chest part dips.
Figure out where you want it to dip.
Obviously in the middle of the chest.
Make sure it falls in the middle of the chest.
And not that I'm trying to make you not want to be creative with it but what I think of is bathing suit types.
And then create your cups.
And then do your design variations.
And there you go.
"If it's going to be a bathing suit, if it's going to be a bra I want it along the same sort of lines."
"I want my underwear that I design to be able to be worn Madonna style, outside of the clothes and look good."
I don't want it to be just regular so I always include some sort of design variation.
Such as the diagonals on this bra which makes it look kind of more swimsuit inspired.
And with this bra I decided not to do any under wire shaping.
It's going to be all one piece.
There's no mid section.
"Hi, this is John Stewart, and this is the different types of fire you can learn to build."
"There's four different types of fire you can learn, and use them in different scenarios."
"This is going to put off good heat, but it's also going to help light the area really well."
"If your tent's on one side of the log, put your fire on that side, and that log will block the heat and the light, and it'll mainly force it towards your side of the campground to where you light your area really well."
"And you just want to keep piling wood on this so it burns really, really bright, and always has a tall flame."
And the fourth type of fire you can build is a signaling fire.
With a signaling fire you want to sort of combine your log cabin and your tepee.
"This is so you have a really big base, and it burns really bright, and that you have an area that you can throw stuff on top of to make your signaling."
And this is how you can demonstrate different types of fire.
"If you want to cook, the best fire for you is use the log cabin fire."
"This is really good, because the log cabin fire is really ventilated, so it gets a lot of oxygen, which helps put off more heat, but most importantly is the logs freely fall on top of each other as they burn, and they make really, really good pieces of coal that put off really good heat, to where you can transfer them; put them on top of a Dutch oven, up under it in a different location."
Second type of fire is a tepee fire.
This is going to be great in case you are really cold.
"Snowy climates this is good, because this puts really good heat off."
"It concentrates the heat into the area right surrounding you; doesn't dissipate very really very fast, so the tepee fire, you just pile it up just like a Indian tepee, and let it burn, and it'll keep you really, really warm."
Third type of fire is going to be your lean-to fire.
"This is when you have the big type, big log beside your fire pit, and you prop other limbs on this."
In today's economy everybody is trying to save some money.
Even when it comes to drinking.
"So, my name is Jeff Klein, vodka connoisseur and bartender here at Beak's Old Florida and that is the best vodka for the price."
How are you?
My name is Jeff Klein and I'm a bartender and vodka connoisseur here at Beak's Old Florida and I'm going to tell you what's the best vodka for the price.
"Now for me it comes down to taste, versatility, how easy it blends with anything I want to do it with, and of course how expensive it is."
For me all of those are summed up in Skyy.
"Skyy Vodka, fairly inexpensive, you can usually get it from anywhere around eleven dollars to fifteen dollars in most your grocery stores and liquor stores."
"Some of the best things about it are going to be the flavor, affordability, and accessibility."
You can find it almost anywhere.
"So my suggestion is next time you're throwing a party and want to bring that vodka home, go out to any liquor store, look for the clear, easily distinguished blue bottle of Skyy vodka and it's a cannot miss for the price."
"I want to show you an improv demonstration I call ""Yes or""."
"This is a demonstration in the bad stuff, because really what we want to do in general is we want to ""yes and."""
"""Yes or we could go out to eat""."
"""Yes or we could go take that big paddle boat on the river."""
"""Yes or we could sky dive."""
"""Yes or we could go spelunking."""
"""Yes or we could eat bats."""
"Yes or we could drive a bus."""
"Alright good excellent, so that's a little bit of ""yes or."""
You can see really quickly what happens to the conversation.
First of all what happened to my birthday party?
It probably looks like it isn't going to happen.
"We want to listen to each others ideas and support them, but it's useful to demonstrate what happens when we don't do that when we do something else like for example ""yes or."""
"So, what we do is we leave; I keep leaving ideas behind."
You go oh we can do this or that or the other or the other and we don't actually move in any specific direction.
"I'm sure a lot of you guys have had conversations like that I find a lot of conversations about where to go eat dinner sound a lot like that, a lot of business meetings where you're brainstorming or having ideas sound like that."
It can be pretty unproductive because you don't seem to be getting anywhere with your conversation.
"So, instead of ""yes or ""what we want to do is we want to do ""yes and, but this demonstration gets you an idea for what happens when you have these ""yes, or"" conversations."
"So, this is a little ""yes, or"" demonstration."
"So, what Shannon and I are going to do is we are going to have a little conversation where we're planning something; maybe we're planning my birthday party."
"Every line we say is going to start, except for the first one is going to start with ""yes or."""
"So, I am going to say let's plan my birthday party and Shannon's going to say yes or blah, blah, blah, blah and then I'm going to say yes or blah, blah, blah, blah back and forth until the scene kind of comes to an end."
"So, here we go. ""Let's plan my birthday party."" ""Yes or we could go get your car washed."" ""Yes or we could go shopping for my birthday presents.Yes or we could go see a movie this afternoon."""
"In this clip, we'll talk about where to get information on OCD."
One of the quickest and easiest ways is to hop on the Internet in the world wide web.
"The one thing you want to do is if you type in OCD for example on one of the search engines, you're going to get pages and pages and pages of information but it's not always the most accurate and correct information."
"So, some reliable sources you could go to are webmd.com or you could also go to a site that's dedicated to OCD which is the Obsessive Compulsion Foundation and that website is www.ocfoundation.org."
"They have a list of everything from what is OCD to support groups, how to find a doctor in your area things that are going to be really useful and helpful to you."
"If going on the Internet is not your thing, you could to talk your primary physician as well."
You could go to a local library and look up some information.
Magazine articles usually medical journals also have some current information.
"The most important thing is if you think you might have OCD or if your family member or friend who trying to find out more information about OCD, really get the knowledge get the information find out whichever way you know you can so that you could get your foot in the door."
"Once you have the basics, go to someone who knows what they're talking about so a doctor or a therapist someone who could really help you."
"Another really great way to end your practices with a spinal twist is one of my personal favorites, it feels really, really good."
So you tell me when.
"Keep going, keep going, it feels really good."
So then again moving with your partner's breath inhaling and exhaling.
You might find each time he exhales he's able to come into it just a little bit deeper as he opens up through his side body just a little bit more.
"Again this is a really delicious pose, it feels really good."
So Willie is going to lift this leg up for me. Just bring his knee up into his chest. He's going to take his arms out to the sides in a T. Good.
He's going to bring his knee across his chest and over to the side.
"Now as a partner, your job is to keep your partner's shoulder leveled."
And the first thing I'm going to do is get familiar with his breath so that I can move with his breath.
"I'm going to ask him to inhale in and as he exhales, I'm just going to give gentle pressure to his shoulder and pull his hip long to lengthen out through that side body."
On his next inhale I'm going to release and then on his exhale I'm going to press his hip over.
And be sure to ask your partner when to stop.
"Are you ready for an advanced combo with you rocking reverse undulation? I'm Johanna, and this is Karen, and we're here with Hip Expressions Belly Dance Studio in St. Petersburg, Florida."
"Now forward, back, forward, back, forward, back, forward, back."
Now we're going to switch it going back.
"Forward, six, seven, eight."
"And back, front, back."
And I'll do it from the side so you can see.
Switch it forward just a little faster.
"And it's forward, back, forward, forward, back and hold."
"And back, forward, back, back and hold, and forward two, three, four, forward two, three and switch."
"Back two, three, back two, three."
Good.
"Make sure you practice that in front of a mirror, and soon you'll have a nice, smooth undulation that goes forward and back."
"So let's start with our rocking reverse undulation traveling backwards. So our right foot's going to be back, our timing is scooping in the back."
"Ready, and, back, two, three, roll up."
"Keep it going, and back, two, three, roll up."
Good.
Now we're going to switch it to going forward.
Slow it down.
"Six, seven, eight."
The next thing we want to talk about is shooting the ball.
When we shoot the ball we want to make sure that we plant next to the ball so that we could follow through.
We want to drive through the ball.
"Notice on this part we've been talking a lot about using the inside of our foot, now we want to use this part of our foot so we can drive through."
Planting next to the ball and driving the ball through the net.
Let's watch Luis as he takes a shot.
"Planting next to the ball and driving through the ball as he puts, want to step into your shot."
Once again using right and left foot.
Now watch as he really drives through this one.
"Hi, I'm Joe Cuenco with Family Resources."
"We're talking today about how to improve our marriage relationships, specifically, how do we pamper our wife?"
Ask her what it is that makes her feel like the most important person in the world.
"You need to dote on your wife, you need to pamper her."
Do these things to make her feel special.
"Of course, the foundation fundamentals have to be there."
"Love, trust, respect, friendship, communication."
"Those are huge, but building upon those are ways that you can actually make your wife feel very special."
"Buying here chocolates, buying her flowers."
"When was the last time you rubbed her back, or gave her a foot massage."
"Or actually, perhaps, rubbed her back in the jacuzzi, doing something to really make her feel special."
How are you with her...her family members?
This may be the most important thing that we do in our marriage.
"You know, this is important to mention, being able to get along with the family, her mother."
You want to eliminate those things as far as any...any stress in the relationship.
"And also, make sure that she has the physical attention that she needs. Are you holding her hand? Are you....are you putting you arm around her?"
Are you opening up the door for her when you go out on dates?
"And also on the...one the intimacy side, are you giving her more than you expect?"
And is she getting less than you want to give perhaps?
"So, it needs to have a happy medium."
"So, have a dialog there."
So listen carefully as we talk about how do we pamper our wife.
"Be prepared to give, and ultimately you'll receive."
"Doctor John Gray of the Venus and Mars book series, has a lot of good advice here."
There's other things that you can do.
Attend workshops.
"But it may be as simple as sitting down and watching TV with her, a TV program."
"And I would suggest doing that, except don't watch Desperate Housewives."
"So, make sure that you pay attention to your wife, make her feel special."
And that's how you pamper your wife.
"I'm Joe Cuenco, with Family Resources, Relationships for Life."
This is really going to be specific to your wife's personality.
"Each woman has things that are very important to her, and there are things that she doesn't like as well."
So it's very important that we pay attention to these things.
"But before we pay attention to them, we first have to understand and know what they are."
Have a dialog with your wife.
Ask her what it is that makes her feel special.
"She brought it into the world in 1984 and originally they were in quite big bottles, not the little ones that we have now."
And when she first created the she didnt even know what they were for.
She had to learn about to understand what it was that she had brought through.
She took them to decorate a stand at an EXPO because she sold beauty cremes and she took the bottles to kind of brighten up the stand and get some attention and she found that people came and were attracted to the bottles and eventually she noticed that they were choosing bottles that matched in their own auric fields.
Because she could see energy.
So she to kind of learn why do they match.
"The Aura Soma is an ongoing, its a living system, its an ongoing process, a discovery what its even about and she has sinced passed on in 91 and Mike Boot is now carrying on her work in England to bring Aura Soma to the entire world and we have practitioners in every contry, just about."
In this clip I will tell you how to know a color of a diamond.
This diamond is D in color.
"Now, I show you the other piece, now I show you the other piece, this piece is J in color."
Now if you compare these two stones you will get to know the difference in the color of a diamond.
"So as the color goes up, up till D, the prices goes up, and as the color comes down to the slightly tinted yellow the prices will come down."
"So you can see the difference, the shade and the prices are identically proportion to each other."
So now I hope you know how to choose the color of a diamond.
Thank you.
A color of a diamond is basically the shade of a diamond.
"The shades are described in alphabetical order starting from D. Now here if you look at the design, there are D, E, F, G, H, I, J, and it goes up to Zed."
"D, E, F, are considered to be white diamonds."
"And as we go down to G, H, they are slightly tinted white."
"And when we go to I, J, they are slightly tinted yellow."
And as we keep on going down the shades keep on decreasing.
"Now, I show you just to give you a brief example, I show you the two diamonds just to know the difference between the colors."
"Here, I have one piece which is a white diamond."
Hey my name is Addison from Captain Bills and I'm going to tell you how to buy an outdoor volleyball net.
If you are very serious about playing outdoor volleyball you would want to get a very durable net.
So if you find a net that says AVP quality or AVP certified that's going to be the most durable net to use when playing outdoor volleyball.
"Another thing you need to look for is who you are buying it for. If you are buying it for men's, you are going to need to have a certain height for the net."
The men's height is seven feet eleven inches.
And the women's height is seven feet four inches.
Women's height can also be used for juniors or kids.
Also the width and the length of the volleyball court is thirty feet by sixty feet so you want to make sure that you get lines that fulfill those requirements for the volleyball net.
Volleyball lines and that is how to buy a volleyball net.
"One that will last you awhile, those you cannot find in any sporting good stores."
"You are going to have to go online, a lot of places in Florida or in California have very durable nets, outdoor volleyball nets that can be used on a day to day basis."
If you are not serious and just use it for recreational use you can find one a pretty decent one at a sporting good store.
It may not last you as long but if you are not using it everyday it would be a perfect fit for just the recreational use.
So when going to a sporting good store a lot of times you'll find there's badminton and volleyball packages and there are combination packages.
"Those may not be regulation, so one thing you can do is look online and if under the volleyball net that you are looking for it says AVP quality or AVP certified."
AVP is the association of volleyball professionals.
So that is what the professional volleyball players use.
It's just cheaper to make that way and so what I do with my kids a lot I get them involved is I make pizza I'm not great at making pizza dough so there's other ways to easily substitute pizza dough and one of them is using the pita bread I just showed you how to cook in this segment your going to do basically the same way.
Another one is English muffin pizza's which are fun and the kids will love them and they love to make them and then you just might have a half of loaf bread laying around.
That's the third way I'm going to show you today how to make your going to take a half of loaf french bread and show you how to make a pizza on this.
Soon as that garlic bread comes out you add some sauce add some shredded cheese put it back in the oven 350 so the cheese is melted you got a great pizza on your garlic bread.
I'm not going to show you today I'm just going to tell you when I come back were going to start making some pizza your hungry I am.
"Alright, so you've decided to shop for jeans online."
"Maybe you just want the cleanest, nicest denim you can find."
Go ahead and type in as specific as you can when you're looking.
"The closer you know to exactly what type of jean you want, the better result you're going to get when you're looking online."
"Some people need jeans for working, maybe a carpenter jean or something like that as an example."
Go ahead and again type in the exact type of jean you're looking for.
"Type in carpenter jean. Type in the purpose of the jean you're looking for and you will get much nicer results, that way when you need some sort of working jean you're going to get something more like this sturdier denim, than something that like that has been pre-worn just so it has a nice, fun designer look to it."
The next step is deciding what sort of jean you're looking for.
What's the purpose of the jeans?
Are you looking for something designer?
Or something just casual and every day?
"For instance, if you want something with a more designer look to it, maybe some nice whiskers along the side, or some nice wear and tear along the pant leg, you can go ahead and just type in designer jeans or maybe even the specific type of design you want."
type in jeans with whiskers.
You're going to get a lot better search results.
"Additionally, you look for various sorts of wear or wash, such as an acid wash jean or perhaps a non prewash jean."
"Hi, my name's Tim Cole."
I'm with the Austin Reptile Service.
It sounds like a cricket.
They can be rather noisy.
Fishermen like to use cricket frogs for bait.
"I once saw somebody pick up a little cricket frog and throw him out in the pond, they said this was a bass test."
"And the water erupted, and that frog was eaten pretty quickly by a big bass."
"So obviously, they like to eat 'em."
"But they're very quick frogs, live in the water's edge, hop around in the mud close to the water where it's wet, and in the springtime they can be rather noisy if you're in an area where they're calling."
I've been keeping reptiles and amphibians for over forty years.
I'm here to talk to you about southern cricket frogs.
"This is a very small frog, about that big, that occurs in the southern United States, and they actually look kind of like toads, because their skin is bumpy or granular."
And they can come in a variety of patterns.
"Some of them have stripes on them that can be green, some of them have a reddish stripe."
"And these are very small frogs that occur in, usually permanent bodies of water."
"Your area creeks, lakes or swamps."
They get their name cricket frog because of their call.
"Today we're going to be learning to play Portal, a game by Valve Software."
Again I can put one here and I'll come out that spot again.
"So, the early part of the game encourages you to just play around and see what different kinds of fun you can have with the portal gun."
"Now, I need to get over here to the exit where the elevator is and again there's no way for me to get there by conventional means."
"And the orange portal is stuck in place, I can't move that one."
What I have to do now is put my blue portal over here and then I can walk into the orange and come out the blue.
And that's chamber 03. Off we go to the next one.
A company with which I have no affiliation.
"So, here we have the orange portal."
I'm not able to control the orange portal just yet.
Right now the portal gun I have only shoots out blue portals.
I can jump down here and see that there's really no way for me to get out of this space like you would in a normal game.
"There's no ladders, there's no staircase, there's nothing like that."
In Portal you have to come up with clever ways to use the portal gun.
I can shoot the blue portal and make an entrance here and then I come out the orange portal which is there on the wall.
CLANCY ROSE: All right.
"So now that you know everything that you have to have to assemble the single Americano, we're going to talk about the main ingredient in the single Americano which would be the beans that we're using for the espresso shot."
One of the most common misconceptions about espresso roast is that coffee is roasted darker for espresso which isn't necessarily true.
You can use any coffee that you want for any espresso shot.
What makes an espresso an espresso is the process of making the espresso.
It's the extraction process.
It's the ratio of coffee to water being a lot higher than the ratio of coffee to water in a normal cup of coffee.
"So for a single Americano, you can use whatever coffee you like and just a coffee that you're comfortable with the flavors, keeping in mind that in espresso extraction any flavors in the coffee are going to be a whole lot more intense than a regular cup of coffee."
"Okay, here we're going to go over the idea of a pendulum."
"So, if you think of your upper body as part the pendulum, using these two clubs to keep my club; putting club head on line here."
You use the body in somewhat of a pendulum motion.
"So, try to get that rhythm and feeling."
You don't even need to have to have a ball.
Just think about being relaxed and moving in a pendulum motion and that will really help your putting motion when it counts.
"So, all I want to do is take the club back and you see how it's a pendulum motion."
This way you eliminate a lot of motion in your body and your hands so you can keep the putt on line.
The secret to a good putt; at least getting the right speed and the right line is to keep your club head from moving all over the place.
"So, I use these two guide posts so I can keep the club on a pendulum type motion and that will help make my putts that much more accurate."
"There's a lot of little tricks in putting because once again these; the putts really count for a lot of strokes in golf even though you may consider it the least athletic of everything you do out here, they count a lot."
"So, you've got to find a way to get this nice pendulum motion."
"So, you're using your body to putt because you don't want to use your hands when you putt."
You don't swat at it with your hands.
In the last clip I showed you how to make a desktop account for your child.
In this clip I'm going to show you how to password protect the administrative account or the parent account to restrict access for your child.
We're in the user accounts and here you can see the child's account and our administrative account.
If I click in the administrative account I can create a password.
I'm going to type in my new password and again type it in again and you can type in a hint word and then create password.
"When you click yes to file protect your documents, what that means is when your child logins into their account, they won't have access to your my documents file and all the previous files that you've created."
Now you've created a password for your account and when it's time to login your child will not be able to access your account if they don't have the password.
OKay the drink we are about to make is called Caribbean Punch.
First thing we'll do is put ice in a glass and measure out one shot of our Banana Liquor.
And we'll mix this up real good.
And there we are.
Bring it up high.
It's going to be a nice beach side drink to enjoy in the Caribbean or in the confines of your own home.
"Set up the glass, give it a pour, and the last thing we're going to do is sprinkle a little bit of nutmeg on top."
Oh!
That's a little bit more than a little bit.
Give it a straw and bottoms up!
"Find that real quick, here we go."
"And, also, one shot of dark rum."
Here we go.
"And, some lime juice."
About a teaspoon of lime juice.
Next we're going to add pineapple juice and orange juice.
There's orange juice and pineapple juice.
Equal parts of both.
Hi!
This is John again.
This bullet has about a 22 Brinell hardness.
This bullet here has about 10 hardness on it.
This is meant to be driven at lower velocities than this bullet.
"Now, lets talk about the hardness of the bullets we are casting."
"This bullet here was cast with a combination of wheel weights, tin, and antimony."
What you can do is get the blend that you need from a commercial source to use with your wheel weights.
This will make your bullets harder.
This bullet here has more lead content in it.
I can tell by being able to scratch the surface of the bullet and you can see you where you scratched.
In this bullet you cannot do that.
There is something called a Brinell hardness of bullet.
The marine organism we're going to identify now is the peacock flounder.
"The peacock flounder is the most common flounder that one will find around the coral reefs of Florida, The Bahamas, and most of the Caribbean."
They spend most of their time skimming over the sand near reefs.
Peacock flounders are strange fish.
"They start their life like a normal fish, swimming upright with eyes on both sides of its head, but as they mature, one eye slowly moves to the opposite side of its body until both eyes are on one side and they can lay flat on the bottom without being noticed."
The eyes can move independently so the peacock flounder has a great view of the world surrounding him or her.
Peacock flounders also have a very long pectoral fin on the top side of their body.
This fin will often be raised while they are swimming across the bottom and will look like a small sail.
"I suspect they use this raised pectoral fin as a rudder, as they swim in an undulating fashion just above the sand or coral."
Adult peacock flounders range in size from six inches to eighteen inches with most being fifteen inches long or smaller.
They are most commonly found in sand flats at a depth of two feet to forty feet.
"When they lay motionless on the bottom, in the sand, you might not even see them until you swim right over the top of the fish, which will quickly swim away if it feels threatened."
"They're distinguished by the numerous blue ringed spots covering its body, although the blue is often muted."
Peacock flounders feed mainly on small fishes they find in their sandy habitat.
"They will also feed on small crustaceans, such as, small hermit crabs, as well as small octopi."
That's the peacock flounder.
"These blue rings are what distinguished the peacock flounder from the similar appearing eyed flounder, whose rings are brown."
"Peacock flounders, like eyed flounders, also have two and sometimes three, large defuse dark spots along the lateral line of the top side of their body."
One usually behind the pectoral fin and the second about midway between the pectoral fin and the tail.
"The underside of the peacock flounder is a pale white to yellowish color, with no distinctive markings."
"The peacock flounder is a master of camouflage, they can rapidly change color and shading, to blend into their surroundings."
"Their coloring can go from very pale, when they are over sand, to quite dark, when they are over coral."
"In addition, they will occasionally cover themselves with a fine layer of sand, making them even harder to spot."
"So, what is Japanese green tea?"
"On this side I have Chinese green tea, on this side is the Japanese green tea, which I will focus on right now."
"Because the Japanese drink so much green tea, that they have to import from China a sencha tea."
So what they do is they ask their Chinese counterpart to produce a tea that's made the way they do.
"And what the Japanese do, is after they pick their tea leaves, they steam the tea leaves, increasing the corafil."
"Therefore, when you look at a Japanese green tea, it is greener than Chinese green tea."
"From the sencha the leader picking is called bancha, and what they do is they take the bancha and they roast it, it's called a hojicha, which is a roasted tea."
"And the bancha as well they add rice kernels, and they call that genmaicha, which is made from, again the same style tea, it's just when it's picked."
"Therefore when you think of Japanese green tea, it's one basic style of tea that has been manipulated to create the different styles, the different flavors of Japanese green tea."
Japanese green tea starts with a bush.
"It's about 3 feet high, and it's picked 4 times to 5 times most through out the year."
"And it starts in the early Spring, about April or so, depending again on the weather pattern."
"And that specific tea is called sincha, very first picking of the year."
"And that style type of tea, only lasts about 7 to 10 days max."
"After that they have another picking, and that style tea is called sencha."
Most of the tea consumed in Japan is called sencha.
"And they also export it to over seas, is the style of sencha."
"Good reasons for conflicts are, you're having a baby, you're getting married, there's a financial hardship at the time, you have your own business, you're the only one operating the business, if you're not there the business doesn't operate, thus you don't get paid, thus creating the financial hardship, and so forth and so on."
"It's not a question of whether you're going to serve, because you are, it's a question when is it more convenient for you to serve."
And that's how you defer jury duty.
"I'm Robert Todd, and thank you for watching."
I'm going to do a white eyeliner inside her eye.
"We kind of smoked out the outside with the brown but I really want her eyes to pop, especially since it's got that orange."
"And look at the difference by just adding a little bit of this eyeliner into the eye, what a difference this makes."
"It just brightens the eye, one compared to the other."
And it just really accentuates that orange color.
This is great for photographic.
"It's fine too, for going out."
"But it's fantastic for photographic, I mean it's really just going to make that orange pop and make the eye look bigger and brighter."
I don't want it to be too dark and sultry so I'm going to use a white kohl eyeliner and it's just a soft eyeliner.
I'm going to line the inside of her eye and what that's going to do is it's really going to brighten her eyes and make it pop.
Just make sure you're very gentle.
Make sure your eyeliner is clean and just go very easy on the inside of the eye.
"If you have a good liner, it's going to go on really nice and smooth and you'll be able to see that white right away."
And look so far at the difference between one and the other...it just really pops the eye.
"And depending, you can add a little more, how bright you want it to be."
I'm sure we've all seen this white eyeliner.
You want to find someone by their driver's license.
"Hi, I'm Robert Todd, and I'm here to answer the question, How do I find someone by their driver's license?"
"Well, in many states, you can't find someone by their driver's license, because it's protected."
"In fact, there is a Federal Protection Act, known as the Driver's Privacy Protection Act, abbreviated DPPA, which protects driver's licenses, and information about those driver's licenses, to a large extent."
"However, if you already have access to that individual's driving record, you may have the driver's license information, which you can then put into various databases, to find out whatever information you're looking for."
"In other words, you already have the driver's record legitimately, and therefore, this opens a lot of information to you, to find out about this particular individual."
"One other possible source, is to hire an outside third party service, to obtain this information for you."
"I would recommend that a third party service is probably cheaper than a private detective, and you may consider this for the cost."
Your waist belt should be pretty snug to make sure you don't fall out of it.
"Once your waist belt is tightened, you're going to do the final step that's called doubling back."
"On this harness, there's a safety feature that engraved danger on the buckle to make sure you know it's not double back."
"To make sure you do double your harness back, take the end of the strap, pass it back through the first loop and the buckle you put it through."
"Finally, tighten your legs down by pulling the strap through the buckle."
Your leg should be snug but not too tight.
"Last step, you have the leg strap here."
This will prevent your leg loops from sliding down and becoming loose.
I tuck that up and over the back of my harness and clip it behind my right leg.
That's how you put on a harness.
The specific harness used at this gym is called the misty mountain jim dandy.
"This harness; it's not comfortable, but it does serve purpose."
It'll keep you on the wall.
"To put on this harness, you're going to step through the leg loops that are already in place."
"Once both legs are through, pull the harness up so it's in line with your waist."
"Take the waist belt and wrap that all the way around you, passing it through the buckle next through the blue loop."
"Hi my name is Lauren and I'm here to talk about how to straighten curly hair. When you are doing your straightening you want to make sure you use first off a hot tool so one of the easiest ways to actually go through and straighten your hair especially when it is very coarse, thick and curly and especially since your hair is a little on the coarser side what is going to happen is it is going to be able to withstand some of the heat from the flat iron You are going to blow out your hair first and use a big paddle brush in order to kind of get it as straight as you possibly can."
When you are done you are then going to kind of just smooth it.
You are then going to move on to your next section working your way from the bottom up and it makes it a little bit easier.
Again you are going to spray it.
You don't want to take sections that are too big because otherwise you can get lines that are within your hair.
You are going to use your comb to guide your straight iron out because it is going to pull out any of those knots and smooth the hair a little bit for you.
Once you have gone through your entire head and you have now straightened your hair you are going to want to keep it.
The best thing to do is t use some sort of silicone based product.
"Silicone coats over your hair cuticle and prevents your hair from absorbing, your cuticle from opening to absorb any water or moisture from the hair."
It will prevent frizz and it will also prevent your hair from going back to its original curl.
Curl needs water in order to strengthen the bond so when your hair is grabbing moisture say if it is a very humid day then your hair is going to automatically start to strengthen its curl bonds and it is going to go back to a wave or some curly.
After you are done and your hair is dry you are still going to have some curl and maybe a little bit of frizz left in it.
A silicone based product or some sort of palm aid will help coat over that cuticle and prevent moisture from ruining your perfectly straight hair that you set and that is how to straighten curly hair.
You are going to do smaller sections.
You want to do small sections so that way you can make sure that you get each hair shaft from root to end.
You are going to use a thermal protectant in order to protect your hair from the heat.
It is very important to protect your hair from the heat because you are basically reforming the hydrogen bonds of your hair in order to make it go straight.
You then use a comb and comb through the hair and then follow with the flat iron.
What that does is it helps get any knots out and it helps prevent any creases.
So you are going to put the comb up by the root and then follow it with the flat iron all the way down.
"All you have to do to put it in your ear is to slide this through your ear and clasp it right there, and that is your hoop earring."
That is how you make a hoop earring.
"So, now Grace and I have shown you a multitude of exercises that you can do with your partner."
"Now, we're going to show you some stretches that you can do with your partner."
"And, you'll definitely get the benefits of flexibility by doing this stretch."
It's always very important to stretch after any exercise routine that you do.
"The benefits of stretching with a partner, is the partner will actually help you go a little further than you can do otherwise by yourself."
